%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/labplot2
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/org.kde.labplot2.desktop
usr/share/doc/
usr/share/doc/HTML/
usr/share/doc/HTML/ca/
usr/share/doc/HTML/ca/labplot2/
usr/share/doc/HTML/ca/labplot2/index.cache.bz2
usr/share/doc/HTML/ca/labplot2/index.docbook
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/datapicker_active_curve_data_spreadsheet.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/datapicker_original_transformed_segments.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/datapicker_segments.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/example-FFT_python-1024x532.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/example-fourier_filter-1024x532.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/example-maxima_2-1024x532.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/export_spreadsheet_dialog.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/export_worksheet_dialog.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/file_data_source.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/import-dialog.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/index.cache.bz2
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/index.docbook
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/labplot.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/matrix.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/matrix_function_values.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/pe-context-menu.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/project-explorer.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/properties.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/spreadsheet.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/spreadsheet_generate_equidistant_values.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/spreadsheet_generate_function_values.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/spreadsheet_generate_multivariant_function_values.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/spreadsheet_generate_random_values.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/sub_window_tabbed_view_interfaces.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet1.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet2.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet3.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet4.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet5.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet6.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet7.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet8.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet9.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function1.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function10.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function2.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function3.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function4.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function5.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function6.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function7.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function8.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function9.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/workbook.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/en/labplot2/worksheet.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/es/
usr/share/doc/HTML/es/labplot2/
usr/share/doc/HTML/es/labplot2/index.cache.bz2
usr/share/doc/HTML/es/labplot2/index.docbook
usr/share/doc/HTML/it/
usr/share/doc/HTML/it/labplot2/
usr/share/doc/HTML/it/labplot2/index.cache.bz2
usr/share/doc/HTML/it/labplot2/index.docbook
usr/share/doc/HTML/nl/
usr/share/doc/HTML/nl/labplot2/
usr/share/doc/HTML/nl/labplot2/index.cache.bz2
usr/share/doc/HTML/nl/labplot2/index.docbook
usr/share/doc/HTML/sv/
usr/share/doc/HTML/sv/labplot2/
usr/share/doc/HTML/sv/labplot2/index.cache.bz2
usr/share/doc/HTML/sv/labplot2/index.docbook
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/export_spreadsheet_dialog.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/export_worksheet_dialog.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/import-dialog.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/index.cache.bz2
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/index.docbook
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/labplot.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/matrix.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/matrix_function_values.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/pe-context-menu.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/project-explorer.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/properties.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/spreadsheet.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/spreadsheet_generate_equidistant_values.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/spreadsheet_generate_function_values.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/spreadsheet_generate_random_values.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet1.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet2.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet3.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet4.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet5.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet6.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet7.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet8.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-spreadsheet9.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function1.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function10.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function2.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function3.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function4.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function5.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function6.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function7.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function8.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/tutorial-xy-function9.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/workbook.png
usr/share/doc/HTML/uk/labplot2/worksheet.png
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/150x150/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/150x150/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/150x150/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/310x310/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/310x310/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/310x310/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/44x44/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/44x44/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/44x44/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/labplot2.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-1x-zoom.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-2x-zoom.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-3x-zoom.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-4x-zoom.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-5x-zoom.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-MQTT.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-TeX-logo.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-axis-vertical.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-back.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-editbreaklayout.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-editgrid.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-edithlayout.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-editvlayout.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-forward.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-json-array.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-json-object.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-matrix-new.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-matrix.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-maximize.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-minimize.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-plot-axis-points.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-shift-down-y.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-shift-left-x.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-shift-right-x.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-shift-up-y.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-spreadsheet.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-transform-move.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-workbook-new.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-workbook.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-worksheet-new.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-worksheet.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-xy-curve-points.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-xy-curve-segments.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-xy-curve.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-zoom-select.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot-zoom.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/labplot2.svgz
usr/share/kxmlgui5/
usr/share/kxmlgui5/labplot2/
usr/share/kxmlgui5/labplot2/labplot2ui.rc
usr/share/labplot2/
usr/share/labplot2/application-x-labplot2.ico
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/Breeze.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/BreezeDark.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/BreezeHighContrast.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/Honeycomb.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/Norway.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/ObsidianCoast.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/Oxygen.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/OxygenCold.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/Steel.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/WontonSoup.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/Zion.colors
usr/share/labplot2/color-schemes/ZionReversed.colors
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColorBrewer (Diverging).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColorBrewer (Qualitative).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColorBrewer (Sequential).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColorCET (Colour Blind).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColorCET (Cyclic).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColorCET (Diverging).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColorCET (Isoluminant).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColorCET (Linear).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColorCET (Rainbow).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/ColormapCollections.json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/Diverging Color Maps for Scientific Visualization.json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/Scientific Colour Maps (Cyclic).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/Scientific Colour Maps (Diverging).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/Scientific Colour Maps (Multi-sequential).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/Scientific Colour Maps (Sequential).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/cmocean (Circular).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/cmocean (Diverging).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/cmocean (Multi-sequential).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/cmocean (Sequential).json
usr/share/labplot2/colormaps/viridis (Sequential).json
usr/share/labplot2/datasets/
usr/share/labplot2/datasets/DASL.json
usr/share/labplot2/datasets/DatasetCategories.json
usr/share/labplot2/datasets/DatasetCollections.json
usr/share/labplot2/datasets/JSEDataArchive.json
usr/share/labplot2/datasets/OzDASL.json
usr/share/labplot2/datasets/README.md
usr/share/labplot2/datasets/Rdatasets.json
usr/share/labplot2/datasets/StatLib.json
usr/share/labplot2/examples/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Analysis/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Analysis/Fit/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Analysis/Fit/ENSO.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Analysis/Fourier Filter/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Analysis/Fourier Filter/SOS Morse Signal.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Analysis/Hilbert Transformation/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Analysis/Hilbert Transformation/Time response of a super regenerative receiver.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Analysis/Smooth/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Analysis/Smooth/Data = Smooth + Rough.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Computing/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Computing/Maxima/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Computing/Maxima/Duffing Oscillator in Maxima.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Computing/Maxima/Maxima Tutorial for Beginners.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/ExampleCollections.json
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Anatomy of a Box Plot.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Basic Plots.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Helium Rydberg Spectrum.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Hertzsprung-Russel Diagram.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Logarithmic Scales.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Mathematical Functions.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Multi-Ranges.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Multicopter.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/SLOC History.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Space Debris.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/General/Tufte's Minimal Ink Design.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Statistics/
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Statistics/Same Data, Different Boxplots.lml
usr/share/labplot2/examples/Statistics/SameStats.lml
usr/share/labplot2/labplot2.ico
usr/share/labplot2/latex/
usr/share/labplot2/latex/preview.sty
usr/share/labplot2/pics/
usr/share/labplot2/pics/colorchooser/
usr/share/labplot2/pics/colorchooser/colorchooser_hue.xpm
usr/share/labplot2/pics/colorchooser/colorchooser_saturation.xpm
usr/share/labplot2/pics/colorchooser/colorchooser_value.xpm
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/alg_sigmoid.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/atan.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/cauchy_lorentz1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/cauchy_lorentz2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/cauchy_lorentz3.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/cauchy_lorentz4.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/erf.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/exponential1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/exponential2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/exponential3.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/exponential4.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/fourier1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/fourier2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/fourier3.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/fourier4.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/gaussian1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/gaussian2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/gaussian3.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/gaussian4.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/gd.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/gompertz.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/hill.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/inv_exponential1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/logistic1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/logistic2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/logistic3.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/logistic4.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/logistic_function.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/polynom1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/polynom2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/polynom3.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/polynom4.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/power1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/power2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/pseudovoigt11.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/pseudovoigt12.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/pseudovoigt13.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/pseudovoigt14.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/sech1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/sech2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/sech3.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/sech4.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/tanh.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/voigt1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/voigt2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/voigt3.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/fit_models/voigt4.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/bernoulli.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/beta.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/binomial.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/cauchy_lorentz.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/chi_squared.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/exponential.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/exponential_power.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/fdist.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/flat.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/frechet.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/gamma.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/gaussian.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/gaussian_tail.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/geometric.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/gumbel1.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/gumbel2.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/hypergeometric.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/landau.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/laplace.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/levy.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/levy_alpha_stable.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/levy_skew_alpha_stable.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/logarithmic.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/logistic.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/lognormal.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/maxwell_boltzmann.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/negative_binomial.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/pareto.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/pascal.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/poisson.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/rayleigh.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/rayleigh_tail.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/sech.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/students_t.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/pics/gsl_distributions/weibull.pdf
usr/share/labplot2/splash.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/
usr/share/labplot2/themes/BlackOnLightYellow
usr/share/labplot2/themes/BlackOnWhite
usr/share/labplot2/themes/BlueOnBlack
usr/share/labplot2/themes/Bright
usr/share/labplot2/themes/Creme
usr/share/labplot2/themes/Dark
usr/share/labplot2/themes/DarkPastels
usr/share/labplot2/themes/Default
usr/share/labplot2/themes/GgplotDark
usr/share/labplot2/themes/GgplotGrey
usr/share/labplot2/themes/GreenOnBlack
usr/share/labplot2/themes/GreyOnBlack
usr/share/labplot2/themes/GreySlate
usr/share/labplot2/themes/Monokai
usr/share/labplot2/themes/RedOnBlack
usr/share/labplot2/themes/Solarized
usr/share/labplot2/themes/SolarizedLight
usr/share/labplot2/themes/Tufte
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/BlackOnLightYellow.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/BlackOnWhite.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/BlueOnBlack.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/Bright.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/Creme.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/Dark.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/DarkPastels.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/Default.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/GgplotDark.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/GgplotGrey.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/GreenOnBlack.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/GreyOnBlack.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/GreySlate.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/Monokai.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/RedOnBlack.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/Solarized.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/SolarizedLight.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/Tufte.png
usr/share/labplot2/themes/screenshots/Unavailable.png
usr/share/locale/
usr/share/locale/ar/
usr/share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/bs/
usr/share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/ca/
usr/share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/ca@valencia/
usr/share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/cs/
usr/share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/da/
usr/share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/de/
usr/share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/el/
usr/share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/en_GB/
usr/share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/es/
usr/share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/eu/
usr/share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/fi/
usr/share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/fr/
usr/share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/gl/
usr/share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/hu/
usr/share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/it/
usr/share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/ja/
usr/share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/ka/
usr/share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/lt/
usr/share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/nds/
usr/share/locale/nds/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/nds/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/nl/
usr/share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/pl/
usr/share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/pt/
usr/share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/pt_BR/
usr/share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/ru/
usr/share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/sk/
usr/share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/sl/
usr/share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/sv/
usr/share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/tr/
usr/share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/uk/
usr/share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/zh_CN/
usr/share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/locale/zh_TW/
usr/share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/labplot2.mo
usr/share/man/
usr/share/man/ca/
usr/share/man/ca/man1/
usr/share/man/ca/man1/labplot2.1.gz
usr/share/man/de/
usr/share/man/de/man1/
usr/share/man/de/man1/labplot2.1.gz
usr/share/man/es/
usr/share/man/es/man1/
usr/share/man/es/man1/labplot2.1.gz
usr/share/man/it/
usr/share/man/it/man1/
usr/share/man/it/man1/labplot2.1.gz
usr/share/man/man1/
usr/share/man/man1/labplot2.1.gz
usr/share/man/nl/
usr/share/man/nl/man1/
usr/share/man/nl/man1/labplot2.1.gz
usr/share/man/sv/
usr/share/man/sv/man1/
usr/share/man/sv/man1/labplot2.1.gz
usr/share/man/uk/
usr/share/man/uk/man1/
usr/share/man/uk/man1/labplot2.1.gz
usr/share/metainfo/
usr/share/metainfo/org.kde.labplot2.appdata.xml
usr/share/mime/
usr/share/mime/packages/
usr/share/mime/packages/labplot2.xml
