%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/libretro/
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/2Axes11KeysGamePad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/3H Dual Arcade.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_M30.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_M30_BT_B.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_M30_BT_X.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_Pro2_BT_X.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_Pro2_N30_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_Pro2_N30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_SN30_Pro+_BT_B.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_SN30_Pro+_BT_X.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_SN30_Pro+_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8BitDo_Zero2_gamepad_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_24G_SF30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_24G_SN30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Arcade_F30_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Arcade_F30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Arcade_N30_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Arcade_N30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_F30_P1_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_F30_P2_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_F30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_N30_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_N30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_P30_Modkit_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_F30_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_F30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_N30_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_N30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_SF30_BT_B.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_SF30_BT_X.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_SF30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_SN30_BT_B.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_SN30_BT_X.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Pro_SN30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_S30_Modkit.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_SF30_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_SF30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_SN30_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_SN30_GP_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_SN30_GP_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_SN30_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/8Bitdo_Zero_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/ACRUX_QuanBa_Arcade_JoyStick_1008.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/ASUS Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Afterglow AX.1 Gamepad for Xbox 360.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Afterglow Gamepad for Xbox 360.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Afterglow controller for PS3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Afterglow_controller_for_PS3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Akishop Customs PS360+ v1.66.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Arcade Pad (Mad Catz BrawlPad).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Arcade Pad (Mad Catz BrawlStick).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Arcade Stick (MadCatz FightStick TE).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Arduino LLC Arduino Leonardo.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Austgame_PS_to_USB_convert_cable.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/BDA Pro Ex.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/BETOP_AX1_BFM.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/BUFFALO INC. BUFFALO BGC-FC801 USB Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play ATARI Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play ATARI Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play ATARI Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play ATARI Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GC Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GC Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GC Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GC Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GEN_3 Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GEN_3 Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GEN_3 Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GEN_3 Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GEN_6 Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GEN_6 Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GEN_6 Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play GEN_6 Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play N64 Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play N64 Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play N64 Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play N64 Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play NES Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play NES Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play NES Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play NES Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play PSX_DS2 Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play PSX_DS2 Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play PSX_DS2 Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play PSX_DS2 Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play SATURN_DIGITAL Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play SATURN_DIGITAL Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play SATURN_DIGITAL Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play SATURN_DIGITAL Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play SNES Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play SNES Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play SNES Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play SNES Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play WII_CLASSIC Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play WII_CLASSIC Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play WII_CLASSIC Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box 4-Play WII_CLASSIC Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Bliss-Box-4play.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/CHA1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/CHA2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/ControlBlockArcadeGamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/ControlBlockSNESGamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/DIALOG_GP-A11.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Defender_Game_Master_Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/DragonRise Inc. Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/DragonRise_Inc._PC_TWIN_SHOCK_Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/DragonRise_Inc.___Generic___USB__Joystick__.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/DragonRise_N64.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/DragonRise_X-Box_Gamepad_with_Force_Feedback.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/EA_SPORTS_PS3_Football_Club_Wired_Controller_PL-6416.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/ELECOM JC-U4113S DirectInput Mode.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/ELECOM JC-U4113S XInput Mode.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/EXEQ_PROACTION.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/G27_Racing_Wheel.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/GAMESAIKE USB GAME Controller .cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/GEN GAME S3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/GPD Win 2 X-Box Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/GameStick Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Gamegirl.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Gamester_Reflex_Arcade_Stick.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Gametel.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Gametel_Bluetooth_controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Gamtec.,Ltd_SmartJoy_PLUS_Adapter.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Gasia_PS_Gamepad_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Gasia_PS_Gamepad_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Generic   USB  Joystick  .cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Generic_X-Box_pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Google LLC Stadia Controller rev. A.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Gravis_Destroyer_Tiltpad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Gravis_GamePad_Pro_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/GreenAsia_USB_Joystick_1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/GreenAsia_USB_Joystick_2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HJZ Mayflash WiiU Pro Game Controller Adapter.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HOLTEK_Twin-Shock.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORIPAD S.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Fighting_Commander_4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Fighting_Commander_PS4-044_3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Fighting_Commander_PS4-044_4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Fighting_Commander_PS4-044_PC.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Fighting_Commander_for_Nintendo_Switch_1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Fighting_Commander_for_Nintendo_Switch_2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Fighting_Stick_EX2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Fighting_Stick_mini_4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Fighting_Stick_mini_Switch.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_HORIPAD_ONE.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_HORIPAD_mini_PS4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_PAD_A.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Real_Arcade_Pro_3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Real_Arcade_Pro_4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HORI_Real_Arcade_Pro_V.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Harmonix Xbox 360 Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Honey Bee QuasiCON.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HuiJia  JC-W01U.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/HuiJia  USB GamePad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Hyperkin_Genesis_6_Button.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Hyperkin_Trooper_V2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/ION_iCade.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Jess_Tech_Colour_Rumble_Pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Jess_Tech_Dual_Analog_Rumble_Pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logic3 Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_Chillstream.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_Chillstream_Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_Cordless_RumblePad_2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_Dual_Action.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_Gamepad_F310.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_Gamepad_F510.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_Gamepad_F710.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_Precision_Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_RumblePad_2_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_WingMan_Action_Pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Logitech_WingMan_RumblePad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/MAD CATZ ,Ltd. Mad Catz Game Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/MAGIC-NS.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/MAYFLASH_GameCube_Controller_Adapter.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/MOSIC______SPEED-LINK_Competition_Pro_.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/MOSIC______USB_2A8K__GamePad__________.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/MP-8800_Quad_USB_Joypad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/MP-8866_Dual_USB_Joypad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/MY-POWER_CO__LTD__2In1_USB_Joystick.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mad Catz FightPad PRO PS3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mad Catz FightPad PRO PS4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mad Catz FightStick TE2+ PS3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mad Catz FightStick TE2+ PS4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mad Catz Wired Xbox 360 Controller (SFIV).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mad Catz Xbox 360 Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Magicsee_R1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mayflash Ltd Mayflash MD USB Adapter.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mayflash_Arcade_Fightstick_F101_DINPUT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mayflash_Arcade_Fightstick_F101_XINPUT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mayflash_Arcade_Fightstick_F300_CONSOLE.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mayflash_Arcade_Fightstick_F300_DINPUT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mayflash_GameCube_to_USB_Adapter.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mayflash_N64_to_USB_Adapter.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mayflash_Sega_Saturn_to_USB_Adapter.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mega_World_Thrustmaster_dual_analog_3.2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mega_World_USB_2-Axis_8-Button_Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mega_World_USB_Game_Controllers.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microntek              USB Joystick          .cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft X-Box 360 pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_SideWinder_Game_Pad_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_SideWinder_Plug_Play_Game_Pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_Sidewinder_Dual_Strike_USB_version_1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_Elite_Series_2_pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_One_Elite_pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_One_S_pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_One_S_pad_v2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_One_pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_One_pad_(Firmware_2015).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_Series_XS_pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_pad_Japan.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_pad_v1_US.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Microsoft_X-Box_pad_v2_US.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Mocute_Bluetooth_Remote.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Moga Pro HID.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/NVIDIA Corporation NVIDIA Controller v01.04.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/NVIDIA_Controller_v01_03.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo - Switch Pro Controller (bare).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo - Switch Pro Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo Switch - Mega Drive Genesis 3btn Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo-Switch-Online_NES-Controller_Left.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo-Switch-Online_NES-Controller_Right.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo_Clovercon_-_controller1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo_Clovercon_-_controller2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo_Wii_Pro_Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo_Wii_Remote.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Nintendo_Wii_Remote_Classic_Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/OUYA Game Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/PDP Fight Pad Pro.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/PDP Wired Controller for Xbox One - Camo Series.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/PDP Wired Controller for Xbox One - Stealth Series.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/PLAYSTATION(R)3Conteroller-PANHAI.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Padix_Co.,_Ltd_(Rockfire).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/PlayStation_Classic_Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Play_SEGA_USB_HL-F2412.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Pokken Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/PowerA_Wired_Switch_Controller_-_BoTW_Edition.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/QanBa_Q4RAF_Arcade_Stick.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Qnix_SNES_Replica.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Razer Kishi.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Razer Serval.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Retro-Bit_8Bitdo_RB8-64_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Retro-Bit_8Bitdo_RB8-64_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/RetroFlag_Classic_USB_Controller-M.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/RetroUSB-RetroPad-NES.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/RetroUSB.com SNES RetroPort.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Retrode Mega Drive _1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Retrode Mega Drive _2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Retrode SNES _ N64 _1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Retrode SNES _ N64 _2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Retrolink_N64_USB_controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Retrolink_Sega_Saturn_USB_GamePad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Rock_Candy_Gamepad_for_PS3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SEGA Genesis Mini 3-button.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SEGA_Mega_Drive_Mini_6B_Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SHANWAN PC_PS3_Android Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SHANWAN PS3 GamePad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SLS-Sega-Saturn-USB-Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SNES Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SNES PC Game Pad    SNES PC Game Pad   .cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SNES-to-GamepadDevice.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SPEEDLINK COMPETITION PRO Game Controller for Android .cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/STD AxisPad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SWITCH CO.,LTD. Controller (Dinput).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SWITCH CO.,LTD. USB Gamepad .cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/SZMy-power LTD CO.  Dual Box WII.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Saitek Cyborg Rumble Pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Saitek_P880.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Saitek_P990.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Saitek_PLC_P2600_Rumble_Force_Pad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Saitek_X52_Flight_Control_System.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Samsung Game Pad EI-GP20.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sanmos JY-P62U Series ONLINE GRIP.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/ShanWan PC_PS3_Android.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Smartjoy Family Super Smartjoy 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sony Interactive Entertainment Wireless Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sony-PlayStation3-DualShock3-Controller-Bluetooth.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sony-PlayStation3-DualShock3-Controller-Bluez.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sony-PlayStation3-DualShock3-Controller-USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sony-PlayStation4-DualShock4-Controller-Bluetooth.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sony-PlayStation4-DualShock4-Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sony-PlayStation4-DualShock4v2-Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sony-PlayStation4-DualShock4v2-Wireless-Crystal-Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Sony_PlayStation4_Dualshock4_500-Million_Limited_Edition.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Spartan Gear Oplon Dinput.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Spartan Gear Oplon.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Steam_Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Street Fighter IV FightPad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/TOMMO_NEOGEOX_Arcade_Stick.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Thrustmaster_Dual_Trigger_3-in-1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Thrustmaster_FireStorm_Dual_Analog_2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Thrustmaster_FireStorm_Dual_Power_2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Thrustmaster_T_Mini_2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Thrustmaster_T_Mini_Wireless.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Thrustmaster_Top_Gun_Fox_2_Pro.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Tomee_N64_USB_controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Tomee_NES_to_USB_Adapter.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Toodles 2008 ChImp PC_PS3 Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Toodles 2008 Cthulhu Mult.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Twin_USB_Joystick.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/USB_Gamepad_.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/USB_Joystick_.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/USB_Vibration_Joystick.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/USB_gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Ultimarc_J-PAC.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/VenomLimitedPS3PS4ArcadeJoystick.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/WeTek_Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Wii U GameCube Adapter Port 1.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Wii U GameCube Adapter Port 2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Wii U GameCube Adapter Port 3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Wii U GameCube Adapter Port 4.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Wireless Steam Controller.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/XEOXPro.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Xarcade-to-Gamepad-Device.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/XboxGamepad(userspacedriver).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Xbox_360_Wireless_RF_Module_RF01.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Xbox_360_Wireless_RF_Module_Rev_VA.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Xbox_360_Wireless_Receiver.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Xbox_360_Wireless_Receiver_Chinese01.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/XiaoMi_Bluetooth_Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Xin-Mo Xin-Mo Dual Arcade.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Xtreme_Morpheus.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/YSTEK MICREAL USB Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Zeemote_SteelSeries_FREE.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/Zeroplus_PS_Vibration_Feedback_Converter_.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/_S_NES_Atari_USB.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/gioteck-vx2.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/gioteck-vx3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/go_advance_gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/go_advance_gamepad_v11.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/go_super_gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/iBuffalo_BGCFC801.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/iBuffalo_BSGP1601.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/iBuffalo_BSGP801.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/iNNEXT SNES Gamepad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/iPEGA_PG_9021_BT.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/iPEGA_PG_9068.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/iPEGA_PG_9083S.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/iPEGA_PG_9087.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/kadevice.com_KADE_-_Kick_Ass_Dynamic_Encoder.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/odroidgo2_joypad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/odroidgo2_joypad_v11.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/odroidgo3_joypad.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/raphnet-tech_4nes4snes.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/raphnet-tech_Dual_GC_N64_to_USB_Adapter_3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/raphnet-tech_Dual_SNES_to_USB_v2.1.x.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/raphnet-tech_GC_N64_to_USB_Adapter_2_3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/raphnet-tech_SNES_to_USB_v2.0.x.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/raphnet-tech_SNES_to_USB_v2.1.x.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/raphnet-tech_Sega_Saturn_to_USB_Adapter_2_0.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/raphnet.net_4nes4snes.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/raphnet.net_GC_N64_to_USB_Adapter_2_3.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/retro-bit SEGA Genesis 6-Button.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/retronicdesign.com_Sega_Joypad_Adapter_v3.0.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/usb_gamepad___________(NES).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/usb_gamepad___________(PS1).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/usb_gamepad___________(SEGA).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/usb_gamepad___________(SNES).cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/wisegroup_ltd_smartjoy_dual_plus_adapter.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/xiaoji_GameSir_G3s.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/xiaoji_GameSir_G3s_1_02.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/xiaoji_GameSir_G3v.cfg
usr/share/libretro/autoconfig/udev/xiaoji_GameSir_G3v_1_00.cfg
