%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/fonts/
usr/share/fonts/OTF/
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Light Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Medium Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Retina Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fira Code Retina Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Light Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Medium Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Retina Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
usr/share/fonts/OTF/Fura Code Retina Nerd Font Complete.otf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Retina Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fira Code Retina Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Retina Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/Fura Code Retina Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/nerd-fonts-fira-code/
usr/share/licenses/nerd-fonts-fira-code/LICENSE
