%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/wallpapers/
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Cinnamon SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Complicate SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Complicated Color SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Double Cube SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Dr460nized 1680X1050 SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Dr460nized 2880X1800 SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Dr460nized p1080 SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Dr460nized p2160 SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Future Remix SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/GNOME Red SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/GNOME White SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/GNOME-sgs-01.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/GNOME-sgs-02.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Garuda Honeycombs SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Glowing Landscape SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/LXQt SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/MATE SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Qtile Base SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Qtile SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/README.md
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Red SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Remix SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Stripes SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Sway SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Xfce SGS.png
