%FILES%
opt/
opt/Tabby/
opt/Tabby/LICENSE.electron.txt
opt/Tabby/LICENSES.chromium.html
opt/Tabby/chrome-sandbox
opt/Tabby/chrome_100_percent.pak
opt/Tabby/chrome_200_percent.pak
opt/Tabby/chrome_crashpad_handler
opt/Tabby/icudtl.dat
opt/Tabby/libEGL.so
opt/Tabby/libGLESv2.so
opt/Tabby/libffmpeg.so
opt/Tabby/libvk_swiftshader.so
opt/Tabby/libvulkan.so.1
opt/Tabby/locales/
opt/Tabby/locales/am.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/ar.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/bg.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/bn.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/ca.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/cs.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/da.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/de.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/el.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/en-GB.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/en-US.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/es-419.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/es.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/et.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/fa.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/fi.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/fil.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/fr.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/gu.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/he.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/hi.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/hr.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/hu.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/id.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/it.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/ja.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/kn.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/ko.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/lt.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/lv.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/ml.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/mr.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/ms.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/nb.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/nl.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/pl.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/pt-BR.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/pt-PT.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/ro.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/ru.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/sk.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/sl.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/sr.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/sv.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/sw.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/ta.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/te.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/th.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/tr.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/uk.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/vi.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/zh-CN.pak
opt/Tabby/locales/zh-TW.pak
opt/Tabby/resources.pak
opt/Tabby/resources/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/dist/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/dist/bundle.js.map
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/dist/index.ignore.js.map
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/dist/main.js.map
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/dist/preload.js.map
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/dist/sentry.js.map
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/bin/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/bin/linux-x86_64-103/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/bin/linux-x86_64-103/node-pty.node
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/build/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/build/Release/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/build/Release/.forge-meta
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/build/Release/pty.node
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/build/Release/spawn-helper
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/.editorconfig
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/.drone.yml
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/Makefile
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/README.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/RELEASES.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/VERSION.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/configure
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/ConinMode.ps1
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/DebugClient.py
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/DebugServer.py
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/DumpLines.py
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/EnableExtendedFlags.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/CP437-Consolas.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/CP437-Lucida.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/CP932.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/CP936.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/CP949.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/CP950.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/MinimumWindowWidths.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/Results.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Font-Report-June2016/Windows10SetFontBugginess.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/FormatChar.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/IdentifyConsoleWindow.ps1
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/MouseInputNotes.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Notes.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/Spew.py
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/build32.sh
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/build64.sh
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/color-test.sh
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/misc/font-notes.txt
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/ship/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/ship/build-pty4j-libpty.bat
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/ship/common_ship.py
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/ship/make_msvc_package.py
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/ship/ship.py
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/Agent.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/AgentCreateDesktop.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/ConsoleFont.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/ConsoleInput.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/ConsoleInputReencoding.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/ConsoleLine.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/Coord.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/DebugShowInput.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/DefaultInputMap.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/DsrSender.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/EventLoop.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/InputMap.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/LargeConsoleRead.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/NamedPipe.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/Scraper.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/SimplePool.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/SmallRect.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/Terminal.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/UnicodeEncoding.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/Win32Console.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/Win32ConsoleBuffer.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/agent/subdir.mk
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/configurations.gypi
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/debugserver/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/debugserver/subdir.mk
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/include/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/include/winpty.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/include/winpty_constants.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/libwinpty/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/libwinpty/AgentLocation.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/libwinpty/LibWinptyException.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/libwinpty/WinptyInternal.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/libwinpty/subdir.mk
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/AgentMsg.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/BackgroundDesktop.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/Buffer.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/DebugClient.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/GenRandom.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/GetCommitHash.bat
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/Mutex.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/OsModule.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/OwnedHandle.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/PrecompiledHeader.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/StringBuilder.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/StringUtil.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/TimeMeasurement.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/UnixCtrlChars.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/UpdateGenVersion.bat
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/WindowsSecurity.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/WindowsVersion.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/WinptyAssert.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/WinptyException.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/WinptyVersion.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/shared/winpty_snprintf.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/subdir.mk
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/tests/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/tests/subdir.mk
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/unix-adapter/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/unix-adapter/InputHandler.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/unix-adapter/OutputHandler.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/unix-adapter/Util.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/unix-adapter/WakeupFd.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/unix-adapter/subdir.mk
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/src/winpty.gyp
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/deps/winpty/vcbuild.bat
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/conpty_console_list_agent.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/eventEmitter2.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/eventEmitter2.test.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/interfaces.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/shared/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/shared/conout.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/terminal.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/terminal.test.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/testUtils.test.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/types.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/unixTerminal.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/unixTerminal.test.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/utils.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/windowsConoutConnection.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/windowsPtyAgent.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/windowsPtyAgent.test.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/windowsTerminal.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/windowsTerminal.test.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/worker/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/lib/worker/conoutSocketWorker.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/scripts/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/scripts/install.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/scripts/post-install.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/scripts/publish.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/conpty_console_list_agent.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/eventEmitter2.test.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/eventEmitter2.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/index.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/interfaces.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/shared/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/shared/conout.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/terminal.test.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/terminal.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/testUtils.test.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/tsconfig.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/types.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/unix/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/unix/comms.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/unixTerminal.test.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/unixTerminal.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/utils.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/win/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/win/path_util.h
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/windowsConoutConnection.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/windowsPtyAgent.test.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/windowsPtyAgent.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/windowsTerminal.test.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/windowsTerminal.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/worker/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/@tabby-gang/node-pty/src/worker/conoutSocketWorker.ts
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmaccess/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmaccess/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmaccess/CONTRIBUTING.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmaccess/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmaccess/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmaccess/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmaccess/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmorg/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmorg/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmorg/CONTRIBUTING.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmorg/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmorg/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmorg/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmorg/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmsearch/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmsearch/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmsearch/CONTRIBUTING.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmsearch/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmsearch/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmsearch/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmsearch/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmteam/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmteam/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmteam/CONTRIBUTING.md
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmteam/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmteam/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmteam/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/libnpmteam/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmaccess/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmaccess/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmaccess/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmaccess/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmaccess/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmconfig/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmconfig/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmconfig/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmconfig/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmconfig/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmorg/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmorg/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmorg/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmorg/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmorg/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/publish.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmpublish/unpublish.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmsearch/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmsearch/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmsearch/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmsearch/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmsearch/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmteam/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmteam/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmteam/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmteam/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/libnpmteam/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/term-size/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/term-size/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/term-size/license
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/term-size/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/term-size/vendor/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/term-size/vendor/macos/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/npm/node_modules/term-size/vendor/macos/term-size
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/term-size/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/term-size/index.js
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/term-size/license
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/term-size/package.json
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/term-size/vendor/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/term-size/vendor/macos/
opt/Tabby/resources/app.asar.unpacked/node_modules/term-size/vendor/macos/term-size
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/UAC.exe
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/Info.plist
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/QuickLook/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeDirectory
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeRequirements
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeRequirements-1
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeResources
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeSignature
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Open Tabby here.workflow/Contents/document.wflow
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/Info.plist
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/QuickLook/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeDirectory
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeRequirements
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeRequirements-1
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeResources
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/_CodeSignature/CodeSignature
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/automator-workflows/Paste path into Tabby.workflow/Contents/document.wflow
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/CHANGES
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/LICENSE
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/clink.bat
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/clink.lua
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/clink_dll_x64.dll
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/clink_dll_x86.dll
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/clink_inputrc_base
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/clink_x64.exe
opt/Tabby/resources/extras/clink/clink_x86.exe
opt/Tabby/snapshot_blob.bin
opt/Tabby/swiftshader/
opt/Tabby/swiftshader/libEGL.so
opt/Tabby/swiftshader/libGLESv2.so
opt/Tabby/tabby
opt/Tabby/v8_context_snapshot.bin
opt/Tabby/vk_swiftshader_icd.json
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/tabby
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/tabby.desktop
usr/share/doc/
usr/share/doc/tabby-terminal/
usr/share/doc/tabby-terminal/changelog.gz
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/tabby.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/tabby.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/tabby.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/tabby.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/tabby.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/tabby.png
