%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/Cabbage
usr/bin/CabbageLite
usr/bin/CabbagePlugin
usr/bin/CabbagePluginEffect.so
usr/bin/CabbagePluginSynth.so
usr/bin/opcodes.txt
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/cabbage.desktop
usr/share/applications/cabbageLite.desktop
usr/share/cabbage/
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/audio-muted.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/audio-on.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/document-new.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/document-open.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/document-save-as.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/document-save.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/edit-copy.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/edit-cut.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/edit-paste.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/filetab-editGUI-off.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/filetab-editGUI-on.svg
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/modern-darkBG.xml
usr/share/cabbage/Themes/modern-darkBG/preferences-system.svg
usr/share/doc/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Distortion/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Distortion/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Distortion/LoFi.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Distortion/Powershape.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Distortion/clip.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Distortion/pdclip.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Dynamics/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Dynamics/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Dynamics/Compressor.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Dynamics/CompressorExpander.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Dynamics/CompressorSidechain.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Dynamics/Exciter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Dynamics/Gate.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Dynamics/Limiter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/BandFilter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/BandFilterII.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/EnvelopeFollower.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/FilterLFO.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/FilterShaper.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/FormantFilter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/HarpFilter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/HighpassFilter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/LowpassFilter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/Phaser1.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/Phaser2.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/Resonator.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/Vocoder.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/Vocoder.zip
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/VocoderHelp.html
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/clfilt.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/resony.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/wguide1.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Filters/wguide2.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Miscellaneous/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Miscellaneous/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Miscellaneous/HRTF3D.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Miscellaneous/Tuner.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Miscellaneous/hrtf-44100-left.dat
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Miscellaneous/hrtf-44100-right.dat
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/AutopanTremolo.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/BrushedMetal.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/DarkWood.jpg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/Doppler.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/DopplerSpin.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/Flanger.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/LeslieSpeaker.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/LeslieSpeaker.zip
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/PhaserLFO.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Modulation/StereoChorus.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Reverbs/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Reverbs/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Reverbs/Ball_in_a_Box.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Reverbs/ConvolutionReverb.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Reverbs/DistanceEmulator.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Reverbs/GateReverb.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Reverbs/MultiReverb.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/BufferFreeze.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/FrequencyShifter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/PitchShifter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/RingModulator.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/Shredulator.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/pvScale.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/pvShift.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/pvSmooth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/pvsAdsyn.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/pvsBlur.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/pvsBuffer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/pvsCross.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/pvsFreeze.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Spectral/pvsWarp.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/BounceDelay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/BounceDelay_Log.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/BreakBeatCutter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/CrossedDelays.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/DelayGrain.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/LiveSndwarp.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/ModulatingDelays.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/MultiModeDelay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/MultitapDelay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/Peeaaoooh.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/Reverse.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/SpectralDelay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/StuckBuffer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/TempoDelay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/TimeSlip.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/TriggerDelay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Effects/Time/waveset.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/DiskinFilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/FileRecorder.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/FileStretcher.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/FileVocoder.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/Flooper2FilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/FogFilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/Grain3FilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/LoscilFilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/MincerFilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/SoundwarpFilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/SyncgrainFilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/Table3FilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FilePlayers/TemposcalFilePlayer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/Bubbles.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/Electricity.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/PebblesInAPond.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/PingClang.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/Rhythmicon.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/SonicLavaLampHelp.html
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/Splat!.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/Windmills.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/sonic_lava_lamp.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/FunAndGames/sonic_lava_lamp.zip
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/.GEN10.csd.marks
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN02.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN02_Log.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN05.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN07.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN08.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN08_Envelopes.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN09.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN10.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN11.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN16.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN17.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN19.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN20.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN21.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN30.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN33.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN41.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/GEN/GEN42.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instructional/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instructional/ADSR_Envelope.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instructional/ModifyingWidgetAppearance.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instructional/MouseSense.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instructional/MouseSense.zip
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instructional/MouseSenseInfo.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instructional/RealtimeScoreEvents.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instructional/RealtimeScoreEvents.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instructional/RealtimeScoreEvents.zip
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Drum Machines/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Drum Machines/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Drum Machines/DrumPads.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Drum Machines/MiniPops.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Drum Machines/TR-808.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Drum Machines/TR-808_BACKUP_10598.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Drum Machines/TR-808_pattern.1.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/DrumMachines/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/DrumMachines/DrumPads.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/DrumMachines/MiniPops.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/DrumMachines/TR-808.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/DrumMachines/TR-808_pattern.1.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/DrumMachines/test.aif
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/Bounce.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/BouncingObject.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/CellularAutomata.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/ImageSliders.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/ImageSwitches.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/LorenzSynth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/Metronome.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Miscellaneous/Micropolyphony.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Noise/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Noise/Dust.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Noise/FractalNoise.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Noise/GaussianDust.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Noise/PinkNoise.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Noise/WhiteNoise.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/A Major.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/A Minor.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/B Major.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/B Minor.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/BarModel.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/BassGuitar.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/C Major.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/Clavinet.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/D 7.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/D Major.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/D Minor.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/E 7.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/E Major.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/E Minor.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/F Major.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/F Minor.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/G 7.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/G Major.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/GuitarChords.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/GuitarChords.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/Harmonics.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/Honk.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/Parp.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/PreparedPiano.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/RubbedResonators.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/Spiccato.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/StringFeedback.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Physical Modelling/Strum.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/BarModel.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/BassGuitar.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/Clavinet.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/GuitarChords.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/GuitarChords.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/Harmonics.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/Honk.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/Parp.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/PreparedPiano.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/RubbedResonators.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/Spiccato.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/StringFeedback.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/PhysicalModelling/Strum.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/Arpeggiator.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/Arpeggiator.zip
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/ArpeggiatorHelp.html
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/Bassline_TB-303.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/CZSynth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/CZSynth_Log.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/Choir.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/FM_Clang.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/FOF Choir.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/HardSyncSynth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/InharmonicAdditiveSynth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/MouseChord.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/PadSynth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/PadSynthChoir.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/RingModSynth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/WavetableSynth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/gbuzz_synth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/hsboscil_synth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Instruments/Synths/oscbnk_synth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/LiveSampling/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/LiveSampling/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/LiveSampling/DiskRecPlay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/LiveSampling/LiveLooper.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/LiveSampling/PvsRecPlay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/LiveSampling/TabRecPlay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/MIDI/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/MIDI/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/MIDI/FunctionGenerator.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/MIDI/MIDI_Arpeggiator.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/MIDI/MIDI_Delay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/MIDI/MIDI_Monitor.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/MIDI/MIDI_Note_Recorder.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/MIDI/MIDI_Out.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/MIDI/MIDI_Out2.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/ADSR_Envelope.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/AlphaFade.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/BigKnobSplit.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/CabbageGUIArrays.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/CabbageOSCRec.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/CabbageOSCSend.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/CompressSidechain.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/CsoundFiltersWobble.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/CsoundOutput.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/CustomPlantImport.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/CustomPresets.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/DynamicEnveloper.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/Euclidean.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/EventSequencer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/FileRecord.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/FirstSynth.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/FunctionTablesAsGrid.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/Graphics.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/GridSequencerImport.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/HostInfo.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/IncomingMIDI.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/InfoButton.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/JSONOpcodes.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/KnobManSliders.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/KnobManSliders2.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/KnobmanMinimal.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/LiveSVGs.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/LotsOfWidgets.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/MIDI-CC-Out.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/Maschine_slider.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/Meters.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/MidiArpSimple.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/ModifyingWidgetAppearance.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/ModifyingWidgetAppearance_Log.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/MouseSense.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/MouseSense.zip
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/MouseSenseInfo.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/PluginStateOpcodes.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/PopupPlant.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/PresetTest10.pre
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/PresetTest11.pre
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/PresetTest12.pre
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/PresetTest13.pre
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/Presets.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/Presets.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/PresetsChannels.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/PresetsNamed.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/PresetsNamed.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/RadioButtons.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/RandomCheckbox.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/RealtimeScoreEvents.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/RealtimeScoreEvents.txt
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/RealtimeScoreEvents.zip
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/ResizingPlugin.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/SVGExample.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/SampleLoadAndPlayback.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/SignalDisplay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/SimpleSynthGainSlider.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/SimpleTable.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/Soundfiler.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/Soundfiler.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/SoundfilerSampler.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/TextEditor.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/ToggleToFront.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/TogglingPlants.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/TooManySliders.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/WidgetArrays.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/adsr.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/adsr.plant
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/buttonoff.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/buttonon.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/cabbageChanged.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/cabbageCreateColours.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/cabbageFileOpcodes.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/cabbageFindFiles.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/cabbageGetWidgetChannels.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/colourMacro.inc
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/comboboxSamplePlay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/custom_groupbox.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/dubstep-filters.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/example1.html
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/gridSequencer.plant
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/groupbox.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/hSliderFilmStrip.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/h_slider_mixer.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/hslider.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/hslider_background.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/knobMan.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/knobMan2.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/knobMan3.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/knobman-lumen2.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/led_off.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/led_on.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/macroImport.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/meter_black.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/plant.plant
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/rSliderFilmStrip.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/roland SH 101 knob.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/rslider.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/rslider_background.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/simpleReverbExample.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/svgElements.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/svgFFT.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/svgInterface.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/svyQuadratic.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/synth_slider_bare.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/vSliderFilmStrip.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/v_slider_mixer.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/vslider.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/vslider_background.svg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Miscellaneous/widgets.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/ProceduralAudio/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/ProceduralAudio/EnGarde.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/ProceduralAudio/LogFire.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/ProceduralAudio/StormyWeather.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Utilities/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Utilities/.DS_Store
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Utilities/Calculated_F_Tables.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Utilities/FFTSpectrum.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Utilities/Log_Curves.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Utilities/Oscilloscope.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Utilities/RandomNumberGenerators.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/808loop.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/8BitStyle.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/90 Eq Slide Break 1 by Snapper4298 Id-160780.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/DoubleBass/
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/DoubleBass/1.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/DoubleBass/2.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/DoubleBass/3.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/DoubleBass/4.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/DoubleBass/5.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/DoubleBass/6.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/DoubleBass/7.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/DoubleBass/8.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/Fader.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/Fat Live Drums 90Bpm by jaffa1970 Id-66243.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/Guitar3.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/Tabla Loop 4Bars 90Bpm by lezaarth Id-242591.wav
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/beat.ogg
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/button.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/button_file.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/button_info.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/button_option.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/cabbage.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/checkbox.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/combobox.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/csound_output.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/encoder.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/event_sequencer.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/form.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/gentable.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/groupbox.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/headphones.png
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/hrange.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/image.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/keyboard.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/keyboard.snaps
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/label.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/listbox.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/meter.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/numberbox.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/signaldisplay.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/sliders.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/soundfiler.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/textbox.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/texteditor.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/vrange.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/Widgets/xypad.csd
usr/share/doc/cabbage/Examples/cabbageCreateColours.csd
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/cabbage.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/cabbagelite.png
