%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/digital
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/digital.desktop
usr/share/doc/
usr/share/doc/digital/
usr/share/doc/digital/changelog.txt
usr/share/doc/digital/documentation_de.pdf
usr/share/doc/digital/documentation_en.pdf
usr/share/doc/digital/documentation_es.pdf
usr/share/doc/digital/documentation_fr.pdf
usr/share/doc/digital/documentation_pt.pdf
usr/share/doc/digital/documentation_zh.pdf
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/digital.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/digital.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/digital.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/digital.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/digital.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/digital.png
usr/share/java/
usr/share/java/digital/
usr/share/java/digital/digital.jar
usr/share/java/digital/examples/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/74xx_xor.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/CrazySmallCPU.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/counter.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/decimalCounter.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/hexCounter.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/trafic.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/traficDiode.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/traficDiodeInv.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/74xx/traficInv.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/CAS_RAS.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/and.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/d-tg-ff.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/d-tg-ff2.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/dec.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/eprom.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/inverter.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/nand.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/nand3.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/nor.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/nor3.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/openDrainBus.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/or.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/prom.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/rom.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/sram.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/sram_simple.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/tristateOut.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/cmos/xor.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Adder8bit.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Bus.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Comp.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Comp7485.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Comp7485Parall.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/CompEN.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/CompRC.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Dadda-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/DaddaMultiplier.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/DemuxCas.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullAddSub_RC.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullAdder.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullAdderCLA.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullAdderNaive.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullAdderRC.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullAdderRCSig.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullAdderRC_CLA.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullSub.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullSub2.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullSubNaive.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/FullSubRC.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/HalfAdder.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/HalfSub.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/LUT.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Multiply.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Multiply16Bit.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Multiply8Bit.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Multiply8BitTable.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/MultiplyTest.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Xor1.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Xor2.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/Xor3.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/demux.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/combinatorial/mux.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/SevenSegCounter.fsm
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/counter10.fsm
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/rotDecoderMealy.fsm
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/rotDecoderMoore.fsm
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/stepperHalfStep.fsm
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/stepperSimple.fsm
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/trafficLightBlink.fsm
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/trafficLightMedwedew.fsm
usr/share/java/digital/examples/fsm/trafficLightMoore.fsm
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/barrelShifter/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/barrelShifter/TestBarrelShifter.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/barrelShifter/TestBarrelShifter2.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/barrelShifter/barrelShifter.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/barrelShifter/barrelShifter2.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/barrelShifter/shift-fixed-arith-right-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/barrelShifter/shift-fixed-left-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/barrelShifter/shift-fixed-right-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/barrelShifter/shift-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/gray/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/gray/GrayCounter.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/gray/GrayFinal-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/gray/GrayNode-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/gray/TestGray.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/Conway/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/Conway/GenericConway.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/Conway/discrete.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/Conway/genCell.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/Conway/lut.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/genAllBitsSet.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/genAllBitsSetTest.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/genAnd.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/genAndTest.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/genReg.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/generic/modify/genRegTest.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/graphicRam/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/graphicRam/col1.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/graphicRam/col2.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/graphicRam/col3.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hazard/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hazard/Hazard.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hazard/HazardA.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hazard/HazardB.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hazard/Oscillation.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hdl/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hdl/BASYS3.config
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hdl/BASYS3_IOs.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hdl/BASYS3_lightchase.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hdl/HowTo.md
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hdl/TinyFPGA_BX.config
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hdl/TinyFPGA_BX_SOS.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/hdl/VerilogClockExample.config
usr/share/java/digital/examples/misc/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/misc/BillieJean.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/misc/DebugExample.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/misc/MIDIexample.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/misc/Telnet.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/misc/TextFormatExample.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/nmos/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/nmos/andNmos.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/nmos/inverterNmos.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/nmos/nandNmos.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/nmos/norNmos.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/nmos/orNmos.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/nmos/xnor.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/nmos/xorNmos.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/pld/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/pld/GAL2v3.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/pld/PAL.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/pld/PAL2v3.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/pld/PLA.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/pld/WiredAnd.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/pld/WiredOr.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ALU/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ALU/ALU.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ALU/ALU.svg
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ALU/ASR.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ALU/LSL.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ALU/LSR.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ALU/SWAP.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ALU/SWAPN.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/HDLExample.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/GPI.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/GPI_HDL.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/GPO.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/Graphics.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/Keyboard.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/LedMatrix.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/Terminal.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/TestIO.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IO/readSelect.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/IntrExample.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/Processor.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ProcessorHDL.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ProcessorHDLTest.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ProcessorIntr.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ProcessorTest.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/ProcessorVonNeumann.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/VGA/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/VGA/JKen.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/VGA/Palette.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/VGA/VGA.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/VGA/core.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/VGA/sync.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/VGA/textMode.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/VGAExample.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/Branch.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/ClockDiv.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/Control.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/Flags.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/FlagsRW.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/ImReg.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/Interrupt.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/Memory.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/PC-HDL.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/PC.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/PCintr.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/RSpSet.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/Register.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/RegisterOpt.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/SignExt.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/processor/core/WDmuxCtrl.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/Counter-D.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/Counter-JK.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/Counter-T.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/D-MS.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/D-T.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/D-T2.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/D-TransmissionGate.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/D.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/D_NAND.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/JK-MS.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/JK-T.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/Prescaler.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/RS-C.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/RS-MS-Simp.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/RS-MS.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/RS-T.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/RS.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/SPI.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/T-MS.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/T.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/async/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/async/muller-c.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/async/muller-pipeline.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/async/oscillator.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/conway/
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/conway/Conway.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/conway/cell.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/conway/cellLUT.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/conway/descrete.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/multip_D_notWorking.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/multip_D_working.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/multip_D_working_T.dig
usr/share/java/digital/examples/sequential/multip_D_working_detail.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/ReadMe.txt
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74147.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74148.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74181.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74182.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74198.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74280.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74283.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74382.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74682.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/74688.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/7480.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/7482.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/7483.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/7483Real.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/arithmetic/7485.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7400.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7401.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7402.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7403.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7404.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7405.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7408.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7409.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7410.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7411.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7412.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7413.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/74133.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7414.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7415.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7420.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7421.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7425.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/74260.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/74266.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7427.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7428.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7430.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7432.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7440.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/744075.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7451.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7454.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7455.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7458.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/74804.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/74805.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/74808.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/74832.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/basic/7486.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74160.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74161.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74162.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74162Real.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74163.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74190.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74191.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74193.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/744017.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74590.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74779-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/74779.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/7490.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/counter/7493.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/display/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/display/74247.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/display/74248.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/display/7447.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/display/7448.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/7406.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/7407.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/74125.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/74126.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/7416.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/7417.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/74244.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/74245.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/74540.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/driver/74541.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74107.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74109.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74112.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74116.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74173.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74174.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74175.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74273.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74373-D-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74373.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74374.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74377.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74573.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/74574.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/7474.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/flipflops/7476.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/memory/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/memory/74189.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/memory/74670-D-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/memory/74670.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/memory/7489.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74138.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74139.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74150.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74151.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74153.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74154.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74157.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74238.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74253.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/74257.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/plexers/7442.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/shift register/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/shift register/74164.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/shift register/74165.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/shift register/74166.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/shift register/74194.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/shift register/74299.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/74xx/shift register/74595.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/EPROMs/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/EPROMs/27c801.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/EPROMs/28c010.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/EPROMs/28c16.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/EPROMs/28c256.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/EPROMs/28c512.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/EPROMs/28c64.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/RAMs/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/DIL Chips/RAMs/A623308A.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/RAMs/
usr/share/java/digital/lib/RAMs/RAM32Bit.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/RAMs/outDataGen-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/RAMs/strDataGen-inc.dig
usr/share/java/digital/lib/RAMs/strGen-inc.dig
usr/share/mime/
usr/share/mime/packages/
usr/share/mime/packages/digital-simulator.xml
