%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/fonts/
usr/share/fonts/TTF/
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono NL Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/nerd-fonts-jetbrains-mono/
usr/share/licenses/nerd-fonts-jetbrains-mono/LICENSE
