%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/pdf-xchange
usr/lib/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/GPLv2.txt
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/GPLv3.txt
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/dict-cs.oxt
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/dict-de.oxt
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/dict-en.oxt
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/dict-es.oxt
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/dict-fr.oxt
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/dict-ru.oxt
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Dictionaries/dict-uk.oxt
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.sk-SK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Bookmarks.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/BoxFS.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/CSVtoPDF.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ColorConvert.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/DropBox.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/FileOpenSH.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/GoogleDrive.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Markdown.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.fr-CH.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.sk-SK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OCRPlugin.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/OneDrive.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFAConverter.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFConverter.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.sk-SK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/PDFOptimizer.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.fr-CH.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.sk-SK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/ReadOutLoud.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Sanitize.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SharePoint.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.fr-CH.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.sk-SK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/SpellChecker.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.el-GR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.fr-CH.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.fy-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.id-ID.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.it-IT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.ro-RO.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.sk-SK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.sr-Latn-RS.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.sv-SE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.sw-KE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.th-TH.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/Strings.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.ar-SA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.az-Latn-AZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.cs-CZ.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.da-DK.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.de-DE.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.es-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.fi-FI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.fr-FR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.gl-ES.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.he-IL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.hr-HR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.hu-HU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.ja-JP.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.ko-KR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.lt-LT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.nl-NL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.pl-PL.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.pt-BR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.pt-PT.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.ru-RU.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.sl-SI.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.tr-TR.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.uk-UA.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.zh-CN.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Languages/U3DPlugin.zh-TW.xcl
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/RedactPatterns/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/RedactPatterns/cs_CZ.json
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/RedactPatterns/en_CA.json
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/RedactPatterns/en_GB.json
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/RedactPatterns/jp_JP.json
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/RedactPatterns/nl_NL.json
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/afr.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/afr.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/amh.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/amh.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ara.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ara.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/asm.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/asm.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/aze.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/aze.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/aze_cyrl.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/aze_cyrl.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bel.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bel.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ben.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ben.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bod.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bod.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bos.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bos.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bre.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bre.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bul.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/bul.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/cat.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/cat.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ceb.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ceb.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ces.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ces.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/chi_sim.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/chi_sim.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/chi_tra.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/chi_tra.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/chr.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/chr.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/cos.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/cos.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/cym.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/cym.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/dan.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/dan.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/dan_frak.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/dan_frak.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/deu.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/deu.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/deu_frak.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/deu_frak.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/div.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/div.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/dzo.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/dzo.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ell.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ell.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/eng.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/eng.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/enm.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/enm.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/epo.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/epo.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/equ.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/equ.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/est.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/est.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/eus.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/eus.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fao.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fao.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fas.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fas.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fil.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fil.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fin.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fin.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fra.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fra.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/frk.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/frk.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/frm.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/frm.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fry.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/fry.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/gla.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/gla.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/gle.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/gle.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/glg.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/glg.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/grc.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/grc.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/guj.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/guj.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hat.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hat.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/heb.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/heb.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hin.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hin.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hrv.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hrv.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hun.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hun.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hye.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/hye.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/iku.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/iku.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ind.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ind.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/isl.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/isl.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ita.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ita.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ita_old.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ita_old.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/jav.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/jav.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/jpn.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/jpn.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/jpn_vert.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/jpn_vert.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kan.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kan.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kat.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kat.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kat_old.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kat_old.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kaz.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kaz.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/khm.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/khm.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kir.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kir.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kmr.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kmr.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kor.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kor.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kor_vert.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/kor_vert.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/lao.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/lao.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/lat.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/lat.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/lav.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/lav.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/lit.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/lit.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ltz.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ltz.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mal.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mal.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mar.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mar.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mkd.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mkd.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mlt.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mlt.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mon.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mon.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mri.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mri.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/msa.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/msa.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mya.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/mya.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/nep.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/nep.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/nld.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/nld.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/nor.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/nor.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/oci.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/oci.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ori.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ori.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/osd.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/osd.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/pan.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/pan.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/pol.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/pol.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/por.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/por.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/pus.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/pus.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/que.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/que.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ron.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ron.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/rus.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/rus.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/san.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/san.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/sin.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/sin.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/slk.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/slk.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/slk_frak.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/slk_frak.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/slv.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/slv.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/snd.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/snd.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/spa.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/spa.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/spa_old.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/spa_old.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/sqi.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/sqi.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/srp.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/srp.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/srp_latn.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/srp_latn.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/sun.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/sun.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/swa.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/swa.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/swe.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/swe.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/syr.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/syr.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tam.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tam.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tat.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tat.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tel.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tel.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tgk.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tgk.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tgl.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tgl.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tha.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tha.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tir.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tir.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ton.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ton.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tur.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/tur.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/uig.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/uig.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ukr.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/ukr.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/urd.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/urd.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/uzb.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/uzb.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/uzb_cyrl.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/uzb_cyrl.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/vie.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/vie.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/yid.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/yid.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/yor.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/Common Files/Tracker Software/Common/Tesseract/yor.lng
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/PDFX.ProcessPool.Worker.x64.exe
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/PDFXEdit.exe
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/PDFXEditCore.x64.dll
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/AzureRMS.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/Bookmarks.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/BoxFileSys.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/CSVtoPDF.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/ColorConvert.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/ConvertPDF.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/DropBox.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/EnhancedOCRa.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/FileOpenSH.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/FowpKbd64.dll
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/GoogleDrive.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/MIP/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/MIP/mip_ClientTelemetry.dll
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/MIP/mip_core.dll
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/MIP/mip_protection_sdk.dll
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/MIP/mip_upe_sdk.dll
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/MarkdownPlugin.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/OCRPlugin.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/OneDrive.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/PDFAPlugin.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/PDFOptimizer.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/ReadOutLoud.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/SanitizePlugin.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/SharePoint.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/SpellChecker.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/U3DPlugin.pvp
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Plugins.x64/d3dx9_43.dll
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Resources.dat
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Stamps/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Stamps/ENU/
usr/lib/pdf-xchange/PDF Editor/Stamps/ENU/DynamicDate.pdf
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/pdf-xchange.desktop
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/pdf-xchange.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/pdf-xchange.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/pdf-xchange.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/pdf-xchange.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/pdf-xchange.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/pdf-xchange.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/pdf-xchange.png
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/pdf-xchange/
usr/share/licenses/pdf-xchange/PDFXLicense.pdf
usr/share/licenses/pdf-xchange/PDF_EOCR_PluginV9.pdf
