%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/typora
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/typora.desktop
usr/share/doc/
usr/share/doc/typora/
usr/share/doc/typora/copyright
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/typora.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/typora.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/typora.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/typora.png
usr/share/typora/
usr/share/typora/DO NOT ADD FILES HERE.md
usr/share/typora/LICENSE
usr/share/typora/LICENSES.chromium.html
usr/share/typora/Typora
usr/share/typora/chrome-sandbox
usr/share/typora/chrome_100_percent.pak
usr/share/typora/chrome_200_percent.pak
usr/share/typora/icudtl.dat
usr/share/typora/libEGL.so
usr/share/typora/libGLESv2.so
usr/share/typora/libffmpeg.so
usr/share/typora/libvk_swiftshader.so
usr/share/typora/libvulkan.so.1
usr/share/typora/locales/
usr/share/typora/locales/am.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/ar.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/bg.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/bn.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/ca.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/cs.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/da.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/de.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/el.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/en-GB.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/en-US.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/es-419.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/es.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/et.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/fa.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/fi.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/fil.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/fr.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/gu.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/he.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/hi.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/hr.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/hu.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/id.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/it.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/ja.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/kn.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/ko.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/lt.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/lv.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/ml.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/mr.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/ms.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/nb.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/nl.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/pl.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/pt-BR.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/pt-PT.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/ro.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/ru.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/sk.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/sl.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/sr.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/sv.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/sw.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/ta.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/te.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/th.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/tr.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/uk.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/vi.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/zh-CN.pak
usr/share/typora/locales/zh-TW.pak
usr/share/typora/resources.pak
usr/share/typora/resources/
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Auto Save, Version Control and Recovery.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Change Log.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Code Fences Language Support.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Credits.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Custom Font.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Custom Shortcut Keys.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Custom Themes.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/DO NOT ADD FILES HERE
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Draw Diagrams With Markdown.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Install and Use Pandoc.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/License Agreement.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Markdown Reference.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/More Documents.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Privacy Policy.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Quick Start.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Table Editing.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Use Images in Typora.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/Use Typora From Shell or cmd.md
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/1.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160502_1.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160814_1.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160814_5.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160814_7.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160816_1.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160816_2.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160816_3.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160816_4.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160816_5.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160921_1.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20160921_2.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20161027_2.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20161117_2.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Snip20161117_6.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/Touch Bar Shot 2017-02-28 at 00.40.32.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/drag-img.gif
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/general.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/ipic.jpg
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/pandoc-win.PNG
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/sshot-1.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/sshot-2.png
usr/share/typora/resources/Docs/img/table-edit.png
usr/share/typora/resources/app.asar
usr/share/typora/resources/app.asar.unpacked/
usr/share/typora/resources/app.asar.unpacked/main.node
usr/share/typora/resources/appsrc/
usr/share/typora/resources/appsrc/editor/
usr/share/typora/resources/appsrc/editor/EmojiSearchMap.js
usr/share/typora/resources/appsrc/finder-worker.js
usr/share/typora/resources/appsrc/window/
usr/share/typora/resources/appsrc/window/frame.js
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/Typora.VisualElementsManifest.xml
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/app.ico
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/file.ico
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_128x128.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_128x128@2x.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_150.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_16x16.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_16x16@2x.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_256x256.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_256x256@2x.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_32x32.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_32x32@2x.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_512x512.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_512x512@2x.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/icon/icon_70.png
usr/share/typora/resources/assets/installer.ico
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.aff
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.dic
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.aff
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.dic
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.aff
usr/share/typora/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.dic
usr/share/typora/resources/conf.default.json
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.aff
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.dic
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.aff
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.dic
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.aff
usr/share/typora/resources/dist/bin/Typora-linux-x64/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.dic
usr/share/typora/resources/html/
usr/share/typora/resources/html/content.html
usr/share/typora/resources/html/preview.html
usr/share/typora/resources/lib.asar
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/Base.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/Base.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/Base.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/Base.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/Base.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ar-SA.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ar-SA.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ar-SA.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ar-SA.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ar-SA.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ca-ES.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ca-ES.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ca-ES.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ca-ES.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ca-ES.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/cs-CZ.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/cs-CZ.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/cs-CZ.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/cs-CZ.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/cs-CZ.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/da-DK.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/da-DK.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/da-DK.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/da-DK.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/da-DK.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-CH.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-CH.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-CH.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-CH.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-CH.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-DE.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-DE.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-DE.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-DE.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/de-DE.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/el-GR.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/el-GR.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/el-GR.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/el-GR.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/el-GR.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/es-ES.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/es-ES.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/es-ES.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/es-ES.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/es-ES.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fa-IR.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fa-IR.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fa-IR.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fa-IR.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fa-IR.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fr-FR.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fr-FR.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fr-FR.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fr-FR.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/fr-FR.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/gl-ES.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/gl-ES.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/gl-ES.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/gl-ES.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/gl-ES.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/he-IL.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/he-IL.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/he-IL.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/he-IL.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/he-IL.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hr-HR.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hr-HR.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hr-HR.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hr-HR.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hr-HR.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hu-HU.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hu-HU.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hu-HU.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hu-HU.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/hu-HU.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/id-ID.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/id-ID.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/id-ID.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/id-ID.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/id-ID.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/it-IT.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/it-IT.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/it-IT.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/it-IT.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/it-IT.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ja-JP.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ja-JP.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ja-JP.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ja-JP.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ja-JP.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ko-KR.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ko-KR.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ko-KR.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ko-KR.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ko-KR.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/nl-NL.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/nl-NL.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/nl-NL.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/nl-NL.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/nl-NL.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pl-PL.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pl-PL.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pl-PL.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pl-PL.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pl-PL.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-BR.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-BR.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-BR.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-BR.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-BR.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-PT.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-PT.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-PT.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-PT.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/pt-PT.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ro-RO.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ro-RO.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ro-RO.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ro-RO.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ro-RO.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ru-RU.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ru-RU.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ru-RU.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ru-RU.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/ru-RU.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sk-SK.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sk-SK.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sk-SK.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sk-SK.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sk-SK.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sv-SE.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sv-SE.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sv-SE.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sv-SE.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/sv-SE.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/tr-TR.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/tr-TR.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/tr-TR.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/tr-TR.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/tr-TR.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/uk-UA.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/uk-UA.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/uk-UA.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/uk-UA.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/uk-UA.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/vi-VN.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/vi-VN.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/vi-VN.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/vi-VN.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/vi-VN.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hans.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hans.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hans.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hans.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hans.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hant.lproj/
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hant.lproj/Front.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hant.lproj/Menu.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hant.lproj/Panel.json
usr/share/typora/resources/locales/zh-Hant.lproj/Welcome.json
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules.asar
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/build/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/build/Release/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/build/Release/spellchecker.node
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/node_modules/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/node_modules/cld/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/node_modules/cld/build/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/node_modules/cld/build/Release/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/node_modules/cld/build/Release/cld.node
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.aff
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/spellchecker/vendor/hunspell_dictionaries/en_US.dic
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/vscode-ripgrep/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/vscode-ripgrep/bin/
usr/share/typora/resources/node_modules/vscode-ripgrep/bin/rg
usr/share/typora/resources/package.json
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/asset-manifest.json
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/cocoa.css
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/electron.css
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/index.html
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/license.html
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/local-setting.html
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/precache-manifest.1710979081e53b5163f14a3928f6f01f.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/service-worker.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/setting.html
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/css/
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/css/LicenseIndex.180dd4c7.25623c25.chunk.css
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/css/Preferences.962926a4.caf99372.chunk.css
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/css/WelcomeIndex.63db304f.5718b1b4.chunk.css
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/css/localSettingIndex.a2c75cbd.4722268f.chunk.css
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/0.24001e82.chunk.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/0.24001e82.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/1.fe01223c.chunk.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/12.45ac24ef.chunk.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/12.45ac24ef.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/LicenseIndex.180dd4c7.7a3ccf34.chunk.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/Preferences.962926a4.c8037f49.chunk.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/WelcomeIndex.63db304f.cdf8a32d.chunk.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/localSettingIndex.a2c75cbd.0007c4e9.chunk.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/main.ff8bdafd.chunk.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/runtime-LicenseIndex.180dd4c7.f7c007dd.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/runtime-Preferences.962926a4.285eabb5.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/runtime-WelcomeIndex.63db304f.ab2b23b4.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/runtime-localSettingIndex.a2c75cbd.6f0fb930.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/js/runtime-main.97d0b459.js
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/media/
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/media/icon.06a6aa23.png
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/media/photon-entypo.1382c29c.ttf
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/media/photon-entypo.2614e058.eot
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/static/media/photon-entypo.bf614256.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/page-dist/welcome.html
usr/share/typora/resources/style/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/Raleway-latin-ext.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/Raleway-latin.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/base-control.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/base.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/bg.png
usr/share/typora/resources/style/codemirror.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/cubes.png
usr/share/typora/resources/style/font-awesome-4.1.0/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/font-awesome-4.1.0/css/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/font-awesome-4.1.0/css/font-awesome.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/font-awesome-4.1.0/css/font-awesome.min.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/font-awesome-4.1.0/fonts/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/font-awesome-4.1.0/fonts/fontawesome-webfont.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/ionicons-2.0.1/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/ionicons-2.0.1/LICENSE
usr/share/typora/resources/style/ionicons-2.0.1/css/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/ionicons-2.0.1/css/ionicons.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/ionicons-2.0.1/css/ionicons.min.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/ionicons-2.0.1/fonts/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/ionicons-2.0.1/fonts/ionicons.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/ionicons-2.0.1/readme.md
usr/share/typora/resources/style/mac.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/megamenu.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/Readme.md
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/github.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/github/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/github/open-sans-v17-latin-ext_latin-700.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/github/open-sans-v17-latin-ext_latin-700italic.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/github/open-sans-v17-latin-ext_latin-italic.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/github/open-sans-v17-latin-ext_latin-regular.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/newsprint.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/newsprint/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/newsprint/pt-serif-v11-latin-700.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/newsprint/pt-serif-v11-latin-700italic.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/newsprint/pt-serif-v11-latin-italic.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/newsprint/pt-serif-v11-latin-regular.woff2
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/night.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/night/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/night/codeblock.dark.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/night/credit.html
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/night/cursor.png
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/night/cursor@2x.png
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/night/mermaid.dark.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/night/sourcemode.dark.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll/lato-v14-latin-300.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll/lato-v14-latin-300italic.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll/lato-v14-latin-900.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll/lato-v14-latin-900italic.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll/merriweather-v19-latin-300.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll/merriweather-v19-latin-300italic.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll/merriweather-v19-latin-700.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/pixyll/merriweather-v19-latin-700italic.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/themes/whitey.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon.png
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon/Read Me.txt
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon/demo-files/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon/demo-files/demo.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon/fonts/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon/fonts/ty-file.svg
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon/fonts/ty-file.ttf
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon/fonts/ty-file.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon/style.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-file-icon@2x.png
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-icon/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-icon/Read Me.txt
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-icon/fonts/
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-icon/fonts/typora-icon.eot
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-icon/fonts/typora-icon.svg
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-icon/fonts/typora-icon.ttf
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-icon/fonts/typora-icon.woff
usr/share/typora/resources/style/typora-icon/style.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/window.css
usr/share/typora/resources/style/windows-folder-icon.png
usr/share/typora/resources/updater/
usr/share/typora/resources/updater/updater.html
usr/share/typora/resources/window.html
usr/share/typora/snapshot_blob.bin
usr/share/typora/swiftshader/
usr/share/typora/swiftshader/libEGL.so
usr/share/typora/swiftshader/libGLESv2.so
usr/share/typora/v8_context_snapshot.bin
usr/share/typora/version
usr/share/typora/vk_swiftshader_icd.json
