%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/foxitreader
usr/lib/
usr/lib/foxitreader/
usr/lib/foxitreader/CollectStrategy.txt
usr/lib/foxitreader/FoxitReader
usr/lib/foxitreader/FoxitReader.desktop
usr/lib/foxitreader/FoxitReader.sh
usr/lib/foxitreader/Wrappers/
usr/lib/foxitreader/Wrappers/en-US/
usr/lib/foxitreader/Wrappers/en-US/RequestPermTmpl.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/Wrappers/en-US/Wrapper.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/cpdf_settings
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/libFRMS.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/libcloudloginplugin.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/libcloudreading.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/libconnectedpdf.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/libconnectedpdfdrm.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/libconnectpdfservice.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/libcpdfad.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/libfpcsdk.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/librms.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/librmsauth.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/librmsauthWebAuthDialog.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/librmscrypto.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/librpc.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/fxplugins/libupdater.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/imageformats/
usr/lib/foxitreader/imageformats/libqgif.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/imageformats/libqjpeg.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitActivate.ico
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitActivate.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReader-128x128.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReader-16x16.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReader-24x24.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReader-32x32.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReader-48x48.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReader-64x64.ico
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReader-64x64.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReader.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReaderInstall-48x48.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReaderInstall-64x64.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitReaderInstall.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitUninstall-48.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitUninstall.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitUpdate-48.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/FoxitUpdate.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/images/foxitreaderactivate.ico
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/ko_kr/
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/ko_kr/qt_ko_KR.qm
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/ko_kr/readerlite_ko_kr.qm
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/readerlite_zh_cn.qm
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/zh_cn/
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/zh_cn/qt_zh_CN.qm
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/zh_cn/readerlite_zh_cn.qm
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/zh_tw/
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/zh_tw/qt_zh_TW.qm
usr/lib/foxitreader/lang/zh_tw/readerlite_zh_tw.qm
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libFcitxQt5DBusAddons.so.1
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libFcitxQt5DBusAddons.so.1.0
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Core.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Core.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Core.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Core.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5DBus.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5DBus.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Gui.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Gui.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Gui.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Gui.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Network.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Network.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Network.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Network.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5OpenGL.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5OpenGL.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5OpenGL.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5OpenGL.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Positioning.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Positioning.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Positioning.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Positioning.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5PrintSupport.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Qml.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Qml.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Qml.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Qml.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Quick.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Quick.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Quick.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Quick.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5QuickWidgets.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Sensors.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Sensors.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Sensors.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Sensors.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Sql.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Sql.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Sql.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Sql.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5WebKit.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5WebKit.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5WebKit.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5WebKit.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5WebKitWidgets.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5WebKitWidgets.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5WebKitWidgets.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5WebKitWidgets.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Widgets.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Widgets.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Xml.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Xml.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Xml.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5Xml.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5XmlPatterns.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5XmlPatterns.so.5
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5XmlPatterns.so.5.3
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libQt5XmlPatterns.so.5.3.2
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libicudata.so.52
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libicui18n.so.52
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libicui18n.so.52.1
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libicuuc.so.52
usr/lib/foxitreader/lib/libicuuc.so.52.1
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforminputcontexts/
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforminputcontexts/libcomposeplatforminputcontextplugin.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforminputcontexts/libfcitxplatforminputcontextplugin.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforminputcontexts/libibusplatforminputcontextplugin.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforms/
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforms/libqeglfs.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforms/libqico.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforms/libqlinuxfb.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforms/libqminimal.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforms/libqminimalegl.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforms/libqoffscreen.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platforms/libqxcb.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/platformthemes/
usr/lib/foxitreader/platformthemes/libqgtk2.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/postinst
usr/lib/foxitreader/prerm
usr/lib/foxitreader/printsupport/
usr/lib/foxitreader/printsupport/libcupsprintersupport.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/128x128/
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/128x128/FoxitReader.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/16x16/
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/16x16/FoxitReader.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/24x24/
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/24x24/FoxitReader.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/32x32/
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/32x32/FoxitReader.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/48x48/
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/48x48/FoxitReader.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/64x64/
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/icons/64x64/FoxitReader.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/mime/
usr/lib/foxitreader/resource/mime/FoxitReader.xml
usr/lib/foxitreader/rmssdk/
usr/lib/foxitreader/rmssdk/librms.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/rmssdk/librmsauth.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/rmssdk/librmsauthWebAuthDialog.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/rmssdk/librmscrypto.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/run/
usr/lib/foxitreader/sensors/
usr/lib/foxitreader/sensors/libqtsensors_dummy.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/sensors/libqtsensors_generic.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/sensors/libqtsensors_linuxsys.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/sqldrivers/
usr/lib/foxitreader/sqldrivers/libqsqlite.so
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Arrow Stamp(Blue).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Arrow Stamp(Deep Blue).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Arrow Stamp(Deep Green).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Arrow Stamp(Green).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Arrow Stamp(Purple).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Circle Stamp(Blue).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Diamond Stamp(Blue).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Diamond Stamp(Green).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Ellipse Stamp(Green).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Ellipse Stamp(Purple).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Ellipse Stamp(Red).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Octagon Stamp(Blue).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Octagon Stamp(Purple).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Rectangle Stamp(Blue).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Rectangle Stamp(Deep Blue).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Square Stamp(Green).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Square Stamp(Purple).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Triangle Stamp(Blue).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/Standard Templates/Triangle Stamp(Purple).pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Dynamic Stamps/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Dynamic Stamps/Approved.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Dynamic Stamps/Confidential.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Dynamic Stamps/Received.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Dynamic Stamps/Reviewed.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Dynamic Stamps/Revised.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Sign Here/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Sign Here/Accepted.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Sign Here/Initial.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Sign Here/Rejected.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Sign Here/Sign Here.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Sign Here/Witness.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Approved.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Completed.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Confidential.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Draft.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Emergency.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Expired.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Final.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Received.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Reviewed.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Revised.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Verified.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/en-US/Standard Stamps/Void.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Dynamic Stamps/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Dynamic Stamps/Approved.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Dynamic Stamps/Confidential.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Dynamic Stamps/Received.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Dynamic Stamps/Reviewed.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Dynamic Stamps/Revised.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Sign Here/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Sign Here/Accepted.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Sign Here/Initial.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Sign Here/Rejected.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Sign Here/Sign Here.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Sign Here/Witness.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Approved.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Completed.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Confidential.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Draft.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Emergency.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Expired.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Final.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Received.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Reviewed.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Revised.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Verified.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/stamps/zh-CN/Standard Stamps/Void.pdf
usr/lib/foxitreader/welcome/
usr/lib/foxitreader/welcome/images/
usr/lib/foxitreader/welcome/images/graphic.jpg
usr/lib/foxitreader/welcome/images/icon_i.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/welcome/images/logo-l.png
usr/lib/foxitreader/welcome/proceed.html
usr/lib/foxitreader/welcome/setting.html
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/foxitreader.desktop
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/foxitreader/
usr/share/licenses/foxitreader/eula.html
usr/share/pixmaps/
usr/share/pixmaps/foxitreader.png
