%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/remmina
usr/bin/remmina-file-wrapper
usr/include/
usr/include/remmina/
usr/include/remmina/plugin.h
usr/include/remmina/remmina_trace_calls.h
usr/include/remmina/types.h
usr/lib/
usr/lib/pkgconfig/
usr/lib/pkgconfig/remmina.pc
usr/lib/remmina/
usr/lib/remmina/plugins/
usr/lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-exec.so
usr/lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-gvnc.so
usr/lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-kwallet.so
usr/lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-rdp.so
usr/lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-secret.so
usr/lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-spice.so
usr/lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-vnc.so
usr/lib/remmina/plugins/remmina-plugin-www.so
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/org.remmina.Remmina-file.desktop
usr/share/applications/org.remmina.Remmina.desktop
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/status/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/status/org.remmina.Remmina-status.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/status/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/status/org.remmina.Remmina-status.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/status/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/status/org.remmina.Remmina-status.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/status/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/status/org.remmina.Remmina-status.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/status/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/status/org.remmina.Remmina-status.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/status/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/status/org.remmina.Remmina-status.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/72x72/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/72x72/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/72x72/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/96x96/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/96x96/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/96x96/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/apps/org.remmina.Remmina-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/apps/remmina-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-camera-photo-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-connect-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-disconnect-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-document-save-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-document-send-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-duplicate-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-dynres-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-fit-window-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-fullscreen-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-go-bottom-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-keyboard-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-multi-monitor-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-pan-down-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-pan-up-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-pin-down-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-pin-up-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-preferences-system-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-scale-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-switch-page-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/actions/org.remmina.Remmina-system-run-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/org.remmina.Remmina-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-gvnc-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-rdp-ssh-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-rdp-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-sftp-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-spice-ssh-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-spice-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-ssh-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-tool-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-vnc-ssh-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-vnc-symbolic.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/org.remmina.Remmina-www-symbolic.svg
usr/share/locale/
usr/share/locale/ar/
usr/share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ast/
usr/share/locale/ast/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ast/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ber/
usr/share/locale/ber/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ber/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/bg/
usr/share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/bn/
usr/share/locale/bn/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/bn/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/br/
usr/share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/bs/
usr/share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ca/
usr/share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ca@valencia/
usr/share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ckb/
usr/share/locale/ckb/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ckb/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/cs/
usr/share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/da/
usr/share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/de/
usr/share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/el/
usr/share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/en_AU/
usr/share/locale/en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/en_GB/
usr/share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/en_US/
usr/share/locale/en_US/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/en_US/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/eo/
usr/share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/es/
usr/share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/es_VE/
usr/share/locale/es_VE/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/es_VE/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/et/
usr/share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/eu/
usr/share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/fa/
usr/share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/fi/
usr/share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/fr/
usr/share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/gl/
usr/share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/he/
usr/share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/hi/
usr/share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/hr/
usr/share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/hu/
usr/share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/id/
usr/share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ie/
usr/share/locale/ie/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ie/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/it/
usr/share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ja/
usr/share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ka/
usr/share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/kab/
usr/share/locale/kab/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/kab/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/kk/
usr/share/locale/kk/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/kk/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/km/
usr/share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/kn/
usr/share/locale/kn/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/kn/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ko/
usr/share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/lt/
usr/share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/lv/
usr/share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/mk/
usr/share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/mr/
usr/share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ms/
usr/share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/my/
usr/share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/nb/
usr/share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/nl/
usr/share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/oc/
usr/share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/pl/
usr/share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/pt/
usr/share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/pt_BR/
usr/share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/pt_PT/
usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ro/
usr/share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ru/
usr/share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/shn/
usr/share/locale/shn/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/shn/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/si/
usr/share/locale/si/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/si/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/sk/
usr/share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/sl/
usr/share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/sq/
usr/share/locale/sq/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/sq/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/sr/
usr/share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/sv/
usr/share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/te/
usr/share/locale/te/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/te/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/th/
usr/share/locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/tr/
usr/share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/ug/
usr/share/locale/ug/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/ug/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/uk/
usr/share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/uz@cyrillic/
usr/share/locale/uz@cyrillic/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/uz@cyrillic/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/zh_CN/
usr/share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/locale/zh_TW/
usr/share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/
usr/share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/remmina.mo
usr/share/man/
usr/share/man/man1/
usr/share/man/man1/remmina-file-wrapper.1.gz
usr/share/man/man1/remmina.1.gz
usr/share/metainfo/
usr/share/metainfo/org.remmina.Remmina.appdata.xml
usr/share/mime/
usr/share/mime/packages/
usr/share/mime/packages/remmina-mime.xml
usr/share/remmina/
usr/share/remmina/external_tools/
usr/share/remmina/external_tools/functions.sh
usr/share/remmina/external_tools/launcher.sh
usr/share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_filezilla_sftp.sh
usr/share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_filezilla_sftp_pki.sh
usr/share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_nslookup.sh
usr/share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_ping.sh
usr/share/remmina/external_tools/remmina_traceroute.sh
usr/share/remmina/res/
usr/share/remmina/res/www-js.js
usr/share/remmina/theme/
usr/share/remmina/theme/3024 Day.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/3024 Night.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Adventure.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/AdventureTime.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Afterglow.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/AlienBlood.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Andromeda.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Argonaut.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Arthur.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/AtelierSulphurpool.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Atom.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/AtomOneLight.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Aurora.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Banana Blueberry.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Batman.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Belafonte Day.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Belafonte Night.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/BirdsOfParadise.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Blazer.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Blue Matrix.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/BlueBerryPie.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/BlulocoDark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/BlulocoLight.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Borland.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Breeze.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Bright Lights.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Broadcast.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Brogrammer.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Builtin Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Builtin Light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Builtin Pastel Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Builtin Solarized Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Builtin Solarized Light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Builtin Tango Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Builtin Tango Light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/C64.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/CLRS.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Calamity.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Chalk.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Chalkboard.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/ChallengerDeep.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Chester.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Ciapre.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Cobalt Neon.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Cobalt2.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/CrayonPonyFish.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Cyberdyne.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Dark Pastel.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Dark+.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Darkside.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Desert.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/DimmedMonokai.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Django.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/DjangoRebornAgain.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/DjangoSmooth.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Doom Peacock.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/DoomOne.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/DotGov.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Dracula+.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Dracula.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Duotone Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/ENCOM.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Earthsong.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Elemental.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Elementary.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Espresso Libre.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Espresso.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Fahrenheit.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Fideloper.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/FirefoxDev.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Firewatch.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/FishTank.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Flat.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Flatland.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Floraverse.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/ForestBlue.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Framer.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/FrontEndDelight.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/FunForrest.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Galaxy.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Github.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Glacier.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Grape.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Grass.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Gruvbox Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Gruvbox Light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Guezwhoz.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Hacktober.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Hardcore.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Harper.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Highway.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Hipster Green.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Hivacruz.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Homebrew.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Hopscotch.256.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Hopscotch.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Hurtado.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Hybrid.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/IC_Green_PPL.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/IC_Orange_PPL.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/IR_Black.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Jackie Brown.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Japanesque.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Jellybeans.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/JetBrains Darcula.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Kibble.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Kolorit.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Konsolas.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Lab Fox.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Laser.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Later This Evening.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Lavandula.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/LiquidCarbon.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/LiquidCarbonTransparent.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/LiquidCarbonTransparentInverse.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Man Page.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Material.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/MaterialDark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/MaterialDarker.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/MaterialOcean.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Mathias.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Medallion.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Mirage.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Misterioso.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Molokai.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/MonaLisa.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Monokai Remastered.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Monokai Soda.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Monokai Vivid.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/N0tch2k.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Neopolitan.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Neutron.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Night Owlish Light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/NightLion v1.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/NightLion v2.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Nocturnal Winter.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Novel.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Obsidian.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Ocean.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/OceanicMaterial.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Ollie.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/OneHalfDark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/OneHalfLight.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Operator Mono Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Overnight Slumber.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/PaleNightHC.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Pandora.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Paraiso Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Parasio Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/PaulMillr.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/PencilDark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/PencilLight.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Piatto Light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Pnevma.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Popping and Locking.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Pro Light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Pro.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Purple Rain.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Rapture.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Red Alert.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Red Planet.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Red Sands.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Relaxed.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Rippedcasts.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Rouge 2.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Royal.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Ryuuko.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Sakura.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Scarlet Protocol.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/SeaShells.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Seafoam Pastel.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Seti.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Shaman.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Slate.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/SleepyHollow.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Smyck.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Snazzy.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/SoftServer.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Solarized Darcula.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Solarized Dark - Patched.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Solarized Dark Higher Contrast.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Solarized Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Solarized Light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/SpaceGray Eighties Dull.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/SpaceGray Eighties.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/SpaceGray.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Spacedust.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Spiderman.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Spring.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Square.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Subliminal.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Sundried.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Symfonic.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tango Adapted.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tango Half Adapted.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Teerb.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Terminal Basic.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Thayer Bright.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/The Hulk.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tinacious Design (Dark).colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tinacious Design (Light).colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night Blue.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night Bright.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night Burns.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night Eighties.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow Night.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Tomorrow.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/ToyChest.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Treehouse.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Twilight.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Ubuntu.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/UltraViolent.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/UnderTheSea.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Unikitty.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Urple.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Vaughn.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/VibrantInk.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Violet Dark.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Violet Light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/WarmNeon.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Wez.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Whimsy.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/WildCherry.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Wombat.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Wryan.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/Zenburn.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/ayu.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/ayu_light.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/coffee_theme.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/cyberpunk.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/deep.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/idea.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/idleToes.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/jubi.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/lovelace.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/midnight-in-mojave.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/nord.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/primary.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/purplepeter.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/rebecca.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/shades-of-purple.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/synthwave-everything.colors
usr/share/remmina/theme/synthwave.colors
