%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/freeoffice-planmaker
usr/bin/freeoffice-presentations
usr/bin/freeoffice-textmaker
usr/lib/
usr/lib/freeoffice/
usr/lib/freeoffice/affiliate.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Asana-Math.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-Bold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-BoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-Book.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-BookItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-Demi.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-DemiItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-Medium.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-MediumItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-Xlight.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Avignon Pro-XlightItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Roman-Bold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Roman-BoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Roman-Italic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Roman-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Sans Narrow-Bold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Sans Narrow-BoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Sans Narrow-Italic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Sans Narrow-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Sans-Black.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Sans-Bold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Sans-BoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Sans-Italic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Basic Sans-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Caladea-Bold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Caladea-BoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Caladea-Italic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Caladea-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Caladea_copyright
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Carlito-Bold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Carlito-BoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Carlito-Italic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Carlito-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Carlito_copyright
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Franklin Gothic Pro-Book.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Franklin Gothic Pro-BookItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Franklin Gothic Pro-Demi.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Franklin Gothic Pro-DemiItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Franklin Gothic Pro-Heavy.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Franklin Gothic Pro-HeavyItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Franklin Gothic Pro-Medium.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Franklin Gothic Pro-MediumItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/NotoSans-Bold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/NotoSans-BoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/NotoSans-Italic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/NotoSans-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/NotoSansArabic-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/NotoSansCJKjp-Regular.otf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/NotoSansCJKkr-Regular.otf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/NotoSansCJKsc-Regular.otf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/NotoSansThai-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-Bold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-BoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-ExtraBold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-Italic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-LICENSE.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-Light.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-LightItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-SemiBold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/OpenSans-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/SoftMaker-Sans-Bold.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/SoftMaker-Sans-Oblique.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/SoftMaker-Sans-Regular.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/Wingbats.ttf
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/coup.pfb
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/coup.pfm
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/coupb.pfb
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/coupb.pfm
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/coupbi.pfb
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/coupbi.pfm
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/coupi.pfb
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/coupi.pfm
usr/lib/freeoffice/fonts/symb.pfb
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_96.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_mso_96.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pmd_oth_96.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pml_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pml_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pml_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pml_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pml_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pml_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pml_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pml_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/pml_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_96.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_mso_96.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prd_oth_96.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prl_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prl_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prl_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prl_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prl_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prl_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prl_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prl_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/prl_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_96.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_mso_96.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tmd_oth_96.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tml_1024.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tml_128.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tml_16.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tml_24.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tml_256.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tml_32.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tml_48.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tml_512.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/icons/tml_64.png
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/banners.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/bullets.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_ar.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_de.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_es.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_fr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_hu.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_it.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_jp.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_kr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_nl.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_pb.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_pl.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_pt.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_ru.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_se.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_tr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_uk.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_us.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_autostart_zh.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_bg.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_de.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_dk.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_ee.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_es.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_fi.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_fr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_gr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_hu.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_id.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_it.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_jp.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_kr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_kz.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_lt.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_lv.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_nl.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_ar.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_bg.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_de.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_dk.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_ee.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_es.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_fi.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_fr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_gr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_hu.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_id.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_it.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_jp.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_kr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_kz.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_lt.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_lv.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_nl.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_pb.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_pl.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_pt.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_ro.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_ru.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_se.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_si.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_tr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_ua.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_uk.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_us.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_overwrite_zh.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_pb.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_pl.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_pt.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_ro.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_ru.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_se.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_si.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_tr.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_ua.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_uk.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_us.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/docs_zh.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/hunspell.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/pmsamples_de.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/pmsamples_uk.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/pmsamples_us.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/pmvx.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/prsamples_de.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/prsamples_us.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/prvx.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/tmsamples_de.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/tmsamples_uk.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/tmsamples_us.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/inst/tmvx.zip
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/copyright
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/def.pl
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/gui.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/pml21.dsk
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/prl21.dsk
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/softmaker-freeoffice21.mime
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/softmaker-freeoffice21.overrides
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/softmaker-freeoffice21.xml
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/tml21.dsk
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/uninst1
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/uninst2
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/xdg-utils/
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/xdg-utils/LICENSE
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/xdg-utils/xdg-desktop-icon
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/xdg-utils/xdg-desktop-menu
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/xdg-utils/xdg-icon-resource
usr/lib/freeoffice/mime/xdg-utils/xdg-mime
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker.iwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_ar.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_bg.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_de.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_dk.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_ee.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_es.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_fi.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_fr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_gr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_hu.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_id.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_it.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_jp.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_kr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_kz.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_lt.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_lv.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_nl.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_pb.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_pl.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_pt.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_ro.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_ru.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_se.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_si.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_tr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_ua.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_uk.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_us.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/planmaker_zh.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/pmfree_de.pdf
usr/lib/freeoffice/pmfree_en.pdf
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations.iwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_ar.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_bg.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_de.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_dk.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_ee.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_es.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_fi.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_fr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_gr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_hu.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_id.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_it.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_jp.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_kr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_kz.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_lt.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_lv.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_nl.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_pb.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_pl.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_pt.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_ro.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_ru.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_se.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_si.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_tr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_ua.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_uk.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_us.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/presentations_zh.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/prfree_de.pdf
usr/lib/freeoffice/prfree_en.pdf
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/af.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/be.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/bg.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/bs.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/ca.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/ch-rconv.thn
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/cs.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/da.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/de-oldspell.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/de-rconv.thn
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/de.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/el.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/en_gb.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/en_us.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/es.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/et.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/eu.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/fi.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/fr.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/fy.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/gl.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/gpl-2.0.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/gpl-3.0.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/hr.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/hu.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/id.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/it.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/lgpl-2.0.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/lgpl-2.1.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/lgpl-3.0.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/lppl.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/lt.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/lv.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/mpl_v1.1.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/mpl_v2.0.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/nb_no.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/nl.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/nn_no.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/pl.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/pt_br.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/pt_pt.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_cs.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_bg.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_bs.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_ca.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_da.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_de.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_el.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_en_gb.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_en_us.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_es.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_et.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_eu.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_fi.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_fr.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_fy.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_gl.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_hr.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_hu.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_id.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_it.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_lt.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_lv.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_nb_nn.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_nb_no.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_pl.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_pt_br.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_pt_pt.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_ro.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_sk.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_sl.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_sr.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_sv.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_tr.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/readme_hyph_uk.txt
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/ro.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/ru.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/sk.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/sl.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/sr-cyrl.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/sr-latn.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/sv.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/tr.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/spell/uk.hyph
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker.iwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_ar.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_bg.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_de.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_dk.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_ee.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_es.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_fi.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_fr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_gr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_hu.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_id.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_it.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_jp.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_kr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_kz.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_lt.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_lv.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_nl.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_pb.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_pl.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_pt.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_ro.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_ru.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_se.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_si.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_tr.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_ua.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_uk.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_us.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/textmaker_zh.dwr
usr/lib/freeoffice/tmfree_de.pdf
usr/lib/freeoffice/tmfree_en.pdf
usr/lib/freeoffice/tmldata.dat
usr/lib/freeoffice/vgahlv.dwf
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/freeoffice-planmaker.desktop
usr/share/applications/freeoffice-presentations.desktop
usr/share/applications/freeoffice-textmaker.desktop
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/freeoffice-planmaker.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/freeoffice-presentations.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/freeoffice-textmaker.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/mimetypes/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-pmd.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-prd.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-tmd.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/freeoffice-planmaker.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/freeoffice-presentations.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/freeoffice-textmaker.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/mimetypes/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-pmd.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-prd.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-tmd.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/freeoffice-planmaker.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/freeoffice-presentations.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/freeoffice-textmaker.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/mimetypes/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-pmd.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-prd.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-tmd.png
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/freeoffice/
usr/share/licenses/freeoffice/license.txt
usr/share/mime/
usr/share/mime/packages/
usr/share/mime/packages/softmaker-freeoffice21.xml
