%FILES%
opt/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/.busted
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/CHANGELOG.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/CONTRIBUTING.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/LICENSE.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/README.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/RELEASE.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/base64.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/docker-compose.yml
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/docs/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/docs/addingMods.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/docs/addingSkills.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/docs/modSyntax.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/docs/rundown.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/fix_ascendancy_positions.py
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/lcurl.so
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/lzip.so
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/manifest.cfg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/manifest.xml
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/pobfrontend
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/Path{space}of{space}Building.exe
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic.dll
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.10.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.12.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.14.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.16.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.18.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.20.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.24.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.28.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.32.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono.tgf
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.10.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.12.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.14.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.16.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.18.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.20.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.24.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.28.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.32.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans Bold.tgf
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.10.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.12.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.14.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.16.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.18.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.20.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.24.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.28.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.32.tga
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/SimpleGraphic/Fonts/Liberation Sans.tgf
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/Update.exe
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lcurl.dll
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/libcurl.dll
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/base64.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/dkjson.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/lua-profiler.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/sha1/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/sha1/bit32_ops.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/sha1/bit_ops.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/sha1/common.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/sha1/init.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/sha1/lua53_ops.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/sha1/pure_lua_ops.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua/xml.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lua51.dll
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/runtime/lzip.dll
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/sha1.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/GenerateBuilds.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/System/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/System/TestAttacks_spec.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/System/TestBuilds_spec.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/System/TestSkills_spec.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/Dual Savior.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/Dual Savior.xml
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/Dual Wield Cospris CoC.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/Dual Wield Cospris CoC.xml
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/Generals Perforate Zerker.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/Generals Perforate Zerker.xml
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/Mirage Archer Toxic Rain.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/Mirage Archer Toxic Rain.xml
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/OccVortex.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/spec/TestBuilds/3.13/OccVortex.xml
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Assets/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Assets/ShadedInnerRing.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Assets/ShadedInnerRingFlipped.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Assets/ShadedOuterRing.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Assets/ShadedOuterRingFlipped.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Assets/game_ui_small.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Assets/range_guide.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Assets/ring.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Assets/small_ring.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/BuildListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ButtonControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/CalcBreakdownControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/CalcSectionControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/CalcsTab.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/CheckBoxControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ConfigTab.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/Control.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ControlHost.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/DropDownControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/EditControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/FolderListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/GemSelectControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ImportTab.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/Item.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ItemDBControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ItemListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ItemSetListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ItemSlotControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ItemsTab.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/LabelControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/MinionListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ModDB.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ModList.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ModStore.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/NotableDBControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/NotesTab.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/PassiveMasteryControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/PassiveSpec.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/PassiveSpecListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/PassiveTree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/PassiveTreeView.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/PathControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/PopupDialog.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/PowerReportListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/RectangleOutlineControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/ScrollBarControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/SearchHost.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/SectionControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/SharedItemListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/SharedItemSetListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/SkillListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/SkillSetListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/SkillsTab.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/SliderControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/TextListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/TimelessJewelListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/TimelessJewelSocketControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/Tooltip.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/TooltipHost.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/TreeTab.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Classes/UndoHandler.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/amulet.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/axe.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/belt.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/body.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/boots.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/bow.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/claw.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/dagger.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/fishing.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/flask.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/gloves.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/helmet.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/jewel.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/mace.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/quiver.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/ring.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/shield.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/staff.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/sword.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Bases/wand.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/ClusterJewels.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Costs.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/EnchantmentBelt.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/EnchantmentBody.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/EnchantmentBoots.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/EnchantmentFlask.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/EnchantmentGloves.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/EnchantmentHelmet.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/EnchantmentWeapon.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Essence.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Gems.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Global.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/LegionPassives.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Minions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Misc.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/ModCache.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/ModFlask.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/ModItem.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/ModJewel.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/ModJewelAbyss.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/ModJewelCluster.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/ModMaster.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/ModVeiled.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Pantheons.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Rares.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/SkillStatMap.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/act_dex.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/act_int.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/act_str.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/glove.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/minion.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/other.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/spectre.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/sup_dex.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/sup_int.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Skills/sup_str.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Spectres.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/active_skill_gem_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/aura_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/banner_aura_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/beam_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/brand_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/buff_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/curse_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/debuff_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/gem_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/minion_attack_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/minion_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/minion_spell_damage_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/minion_spell_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/monster_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/offering_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/secondary_debuff_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/single_minion_spell_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/StatDescriptions/variable_duration_skill_stat_descriptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/TimelessJewelData/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/TimelessJewelData/BrutalRestraint.zip
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/TimelessJewelData/ElegantHubris.zip
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/TimelessJewelData/GloriousVanity.zip
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/TimelessJewelData/LethalPride.zip
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/TimelessJewelData/MilitantFaith.zip
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/TimelessJewelData/NodeIndexMapping.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/Special/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/Special/Generated.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/Special/New.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/Special/WatchersEye.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/Special/race.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/amulet.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/axe.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/belt.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/body.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/boots.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/bow.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/claw.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/dagger.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/fishing.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/flask.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/gloves.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/helmet.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/jewel.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/mace.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/quiver.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/ring.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/shield.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/staff.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/sword.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Data/Uniques/wand.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/amulet.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/axe.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/belt.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/body.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/boots.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/bow.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/claw.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/dagger.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/fishing.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/flask.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/gloves.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/helmet.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/jewel.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/mace.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/quiver.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/ring.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/shield.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/staff.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/sword.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Bases/wand.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Classes/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Classes/Dat64File.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Classes/DatFile.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Classes/DatListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Classes/GGPKData.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Classes/GGPKSourceListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Classes/RowListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Classes/ScriptListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Classes/SpecColListControl.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Launch.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Main.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Minions/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Minions/Minions.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Minions/Spectres.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/bases.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/cluster.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/costs.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/enchant.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/essence.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/legionPassives.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/masters.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/minions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/miscdata.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/mods.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/pantheons.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/skills.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Scripts/statdesc.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/act_dex.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/act_int.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/act_str.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/glove.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/minion.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/other.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/spectre.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/sup_dex.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/sup_int.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Skills/sup_str.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Tree/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Tree/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/Tree/tree_in.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/browse.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/essence.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/essenceMatch.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/ggpk/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/ggpk/README.md
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/passives.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/psg.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/spec.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Export/statdesc.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/GameVersions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/HeadlessWrapper.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Launch.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/LaunchInstall.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/Build.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/BuildList.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/BuildSiteTools.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/CalcActiveSkill.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/CalcBreakdown.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/CalcDefence.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/CalcOffence.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/CalcPerform.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/CalcSections.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/CalcSetup.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/CalcTools.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/Calcs.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/Common.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/ConfigOptions.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/Data.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/ItemTools.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/Main.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/ModParser.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/ModTools.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/PantheonTools.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/Modules/StatDescriber.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/2_6/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/2_6/skill_sprite-3-32f639bbfc42783ca7ec218a787dd918.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/2_6/skill_sprite-active-3-3e73c4c4534433ecfc340c7287093bd5.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/2_6/skill_sprite-active-3-7798fabab8a21829831293c20ac9c414.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/2_6/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_10/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_10/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_10/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_10/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_10/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_11/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_11/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_11/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_11/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_11/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_12/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_12/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_12/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_12/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_12/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_13/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_13/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_13/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_13/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_13/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_14/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_14/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_14/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_14/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_14/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_15/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_15/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_15/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_15/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_15/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_16/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_16/mastery-active-effect-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_16/mastery-active-selected-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_16/mastery-connected-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_16/mastery-disabled-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_16/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_16/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_16/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_17/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_17/mastery-active-effect-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_17/mastery-active-selected-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_17/mastery-connected-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_17/mastery-disabled-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_17/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_17/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_17/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_18/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_18/mastery-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_18/mastery-active-effect-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_18/mastery-active-selected-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_18/mastery-connected-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_18/mastery-disabled-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_18/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_18/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_18/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_6/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_6/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_6/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_6/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_6/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_7/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_7/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_7/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_7/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_7/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_8/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_8/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_8/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_8/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_8/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_9/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_9/groups-3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_9/skills-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_9/skills-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/3_9/tree.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AmberOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyButton.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyButtonHighlight.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyButtonPressed.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyFrameLargeAllocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyFrameLargeCanAllocate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyFrameLargeNormal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyFrameSmallAllocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyFrameSmallCanAllocate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyFrameSmallNormal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AscendancyMiddle.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/AzureOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Background1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Background2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BackgroundDex.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BackgroundDexInt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BackgroundInt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BackgroundStr.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BackgroundStrDex.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BackgroundStrInt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BlackOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BlightedNotableFrameAllocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BlightedNotableFrameCanAllocate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/BlightedNotableFrameUnallocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesAscendant.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesAssassin.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesBerserker.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesChampion.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesChieftain.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesDeadeye.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesElementalist.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesGladiator.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesGuardian.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesHierophant.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesInquisitor.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesJuggernaut.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesNecromancer.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesOccultist.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesPathfinder.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesRaider.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesSaboteur.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesSlayer.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClassesTrickster.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/ClearOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/CrimsonOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/EternalEmpireJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/EternalEmpireJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/GoldenOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/GroupBackgroundLargeHalfAlt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/GroupBackgroundMediumAlt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/GroupBackgroundSmallAlt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/IndigoOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelCircle1Inverse.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelFrameAllocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelFrameCanAllocate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelFrameUnallocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveAbyss.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveAbyssAlt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveAltBlue.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveAltPurple.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveAltRed.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveBlue.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveBlueAlt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveGreen.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveGreenAlt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveLegion.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveLegionAlt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActivePrismatic.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActivePrismaticAlt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveRed.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveRedAlt.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketActiveTimeless.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketAltActive.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketAltCanAllocate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketAltNormal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketClusterAltCanAllocate1Large.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketClusterAltCanAllocate1Medium.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketClusterAltCanAllocate1Small.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketClusterAltNormal1Large.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketClusterAltNormal1Medium.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/JewelSocketClusterAltNormal1Small.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/KaruiJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/KaruiJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/KeystoneFrameAllocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/KeystoneFrameCanAllocate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/KeystoneFrameUnallocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/LineConnectorActive.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/LineConnectorIntermediate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/LineConnectorNormal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/MarakethJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/MarakethJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/NotableFrameAllocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/NotableFrameCanAllocate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/NotableFrameUnallocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/OpalescentOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit1Active.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit1Intermediate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit1Normal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit2Active.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit2Intermediate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit2Normal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit3Active.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit3Intermediate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit3Normal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit4Active.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit4Intermediate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit4Normal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit5Active.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit5Intermediate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit5Normal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit6Active.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit6Intermediate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/Orbit6Normal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSGroupBackground1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSGroupBackground2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSGroupBackground3.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSLineDeco.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSLineDecoHighlighted.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSPointsFrame.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSSkillFrame.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSSkillFrameActive.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSSkillFrameHighlighted.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PSStartNodeBackgroundInactive.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyButton.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyButtonHighlight.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyButtonPressed.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyFrameLargeAllocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyFrameLargeCanAllocate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyFrameLargeNormal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyFrameSmallAllocated.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyFrameSmallCanAllocate.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyFrameSmallNormal.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenAscendancyMiddle.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenEternalEmpireJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenEternalEmpireJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenKaruiJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenKaruiJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenMarakethJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenMarakethJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenTemplarJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenTemplarJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenVaalJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/PassiveSkillScreenVaalJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/SepiaOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/SilverOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/TealOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/TemplarJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/TemplarJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/VaalJewelCircle1.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/VaalJewelCircle2.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/VerdantOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/VioletOil.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/centerduelist.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/centermarauder.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/centerranger.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/centerscion.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/centershadow.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/centertemplar.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/centerwitch.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/imgPSFadeCorner.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/imgPSFadeSide.png
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/legion/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/legion/skills-additional-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/legion/skills-additional-disabled-3.jpg
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/TreeData/legion/tree-legion.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/UpdateApply.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/UpdateCheck.lua
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/src/changelog.txt
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/tests/
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/tests/test_fix_ascendancy_positions.py
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/update_manifest.py
opt/PathOfBuildingCommunity/xml.lua
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/PathOfBuildingCommunity
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/PathOfBuildingCommunity.desktop
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/path-of-building-community-git/
usr/share/licenses/path-of-building-community-git/Lua-cURLv3-LICENSE
usr/share/licenses/path-of-building-community-git/PathOfBuildingCommunity-LICENSE.md
usr/share/licenses/path-of-building-community-git/pobfrontend-LICENSE
usr/share/pixmaps/
usr/share/pixmaps/PathOfBuildingCommunity.png
usr/share/pixmaps/PathOfBuildingCommunity.svg
