%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/SNKRX
usr/share/
usr/share/SNKRX/
usr/share/SNKRX/.ctrlp
usr/share/SNKRX/LICENSE
usr/share/SNKRX/README.md
usr/share/SNKRX/arena.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/fonts/
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/fonts/FatPixelFont.ttf
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/fonts/PixulBrush-Mono.ttf
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/fonts/PixulBrush.ttf
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/fonts/fonts_go_here.txt
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/amplify.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/annihilation.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/arrow.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/assassination.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/awakening.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/ballista.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/ballista_x.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/baneling_burst.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/berserking.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/blessing.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/blunt_arrow.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/burning_field.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/burning_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/call_of_the_void.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/centipede.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/ceremonial_dagger.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/chronomancy.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/cluster_elite.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/conjurer.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/construct_instability.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/critical_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/crucio.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/culling_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/curser.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/damage_4.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/death_6.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/deceleration.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/defensive_stance.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/dividends.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/divine_barrage.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/divine_blessing.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/divine_machine_arrow.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/divine_punishment.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/echo_barrage.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/enchanted.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/enchanter.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/exploder_elite.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/explorer.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/explosive_arrow.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/flying_daggers.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/forcer.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/forcer_elite.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/fracture.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/freezing_field.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/gravity_field.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/hardening.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/haste.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/healer.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/healing_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/heavy_impact.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/hextouch.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/hive.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/homing_barrage.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/icon.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/infesting_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/insurance.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/intimidation.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/kinetic_bomb.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/kinetic_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/last_stand.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/lasting_7.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/lightning_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/lock.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/lucky_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/mage.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/magnetism.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/magnify.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/malediction.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/meat_shield.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/mercenary.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/noxious_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/nuker.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/offensive_stance.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/orbitism.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/ouroboros_technique_l.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/ouroboros_technique_r.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/payback.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/porcupine_technique.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/psycholeak.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/psychosense.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/psychoshot.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/psychosink.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/psyker.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/psyker_orbs.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/ranger.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/rearm.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/reinforce.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/resonance.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/rogue.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/seeping.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/shoot_5.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/silencing_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/sorcerer.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/speed_3.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/speed_booster_elite.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/star.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/stunning_strike.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/swarmer.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/swarmer_elite.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/taunt.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/temporal_chains.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/tremor.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/ultimatum.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/unleash.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/unrelenting_stance.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/unwavering_stance.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/voider.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/vulnerability.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/warping_shots.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/warrior.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/images/whispers_of_doom.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/maps/
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/maps/maps_go_here.txt
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_ascension_1.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_ascension_5.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_cluster.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_conjurers_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_cursers_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_enchanters_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_exploder.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_forcer.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_forcers_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_forcers_win_gray.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_game_complete.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_healers_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_level_2_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_level_3_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_locked.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_mages_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_mercenaries_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_new_game_1.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_new_game_5.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_nukers_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_psykers_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_rangers_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_rogues_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_sorcerers_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_speed_booster.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_swarmer.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_swarmers_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_voiders_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/achievement_warriors_win.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/community_capsule.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/event_cover.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/event_cover_2.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/event_header.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/event_header_2.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/header_capsule.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/header_capsule_2.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/hero_capsule.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/hero_capsule_2.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/icon.ico
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/icon.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/item_cover.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/library_capsule.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/library_capsule_2.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/library_hero.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/library_hero_2.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/library_logo.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/loop_cover.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/main_capsule.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/main_capsule_2.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/mercenary_cover.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/orb_cover.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot1.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot10.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot11.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot11_text.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot12.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot12_text.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot13.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot13_text.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot14.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot15.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot16.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot16_text.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot17.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot2.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot4.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot5.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/screenshot7.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/small_capsule.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/small_capsule_2.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/sorcerer_cover.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/twitch_boxart.jpg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/twitch_boxart.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/media/youtube_thumbnail.png
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/shaders/
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/shaders/combine.frag
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/shaders/default.vert
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/shaders/displacement.frag
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/shaders/full_combine.frag
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/shaders/replace.frag
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/shaders/shadow.frag
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/258269__jcallison__mouth-pop.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/321215__hybrid-v__sci-fi-weapons-deploy.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/376532__womb-affliction__flute-trill.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/399656__bajko__sfx-thunder-blast.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/458586__inspectorj__ui-mechanical-notification-01-fx.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/467951__benzix2__ui-button-click.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/80921__justinbw__buttonchime02up.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Alert sounds 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Arrow Impact wood 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Arrow Impact wood 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Bloody punches 10.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Bloody punches 7.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Body Fall 18.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Body Fall 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Body Head (Headshot) 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Bonus 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Bonus.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Buff 13.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Buff 14.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Buff 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Buff 4.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Buff 5.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Buff 8.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Cannon impact sounds (Hitting ship) 4.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Cannon shots 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Cannon shots 7.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Click.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Coins - Gears - Slot.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Coins 7.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Coins 8.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Coins 9.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Collect 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Collect 4.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Collect 5.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Concrete 6.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Concrete 7.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Crickets Chirping 4.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Critters eating 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Dagger Stab (Flesh) 4.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Damage 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Damage 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Damage 5.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Debuff 15.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Earth Bolt 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Earth Bolt 14.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Earth Bolt 20.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Error 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Explosion Fireworks_01.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Explosion Flesh_01.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Explosion Flesh_02.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Explosion Grenade_04.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Fire bolt 10.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Fire bolt 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Fire bolt 5.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Frost Bolt 20.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Glass item Breaks 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Heavy sword woosh 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Heavy sword woosh 19.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Kick 16_1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Kick 16_2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Kubbi - Ember - 01 Pathfinder.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Kubbi - Ember - 02 Ember.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Kubbi - Ember - 03 Firelight.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Kubbi - Ember - 04 Cascade.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Kubbi - Ember - 05 Compass.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Kubbi - Ember - 09 Formed by Glaciers.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Magical Impact 12.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Magical Impact 13.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Magical Impact 18.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Magical Impact 26.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Magical Impact 27.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Magical Swoosh 18.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Male Jump 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Male Jump 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Male Jump 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Mud footsteps 7.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Mud footsteps 9.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Pistol Shot_07.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Pistol Shot_08.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Player Takes Damage 17.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Player Takes Damage 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Pop sounds 10.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Popping bloody Sac 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Releasing Bow String 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Revolver Shot_07.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Revolver Shot_08.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Sci Fi Machine Gun 7.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Shadow Punch 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Shadow Punch 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Shield Impacts Sword 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Shooting Projectile (Classic) 11.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Sniper Shot_09.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Spark 1.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Spark 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Spark 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Spawn 10.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Switch 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Switch.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Sword hits another sword 6.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Sword impact (Flesh) 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Throwing Knife (Thrown) 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Throwing Knife (Thrown) 4.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Trailer - Ember.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Unlock 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Weapon Swap 2.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Whipping Horse 3.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Wind Bolt 12.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Wind Bolt 14.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Wind Bolt 18.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Wind Bolt 20.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Wind Bolt 8.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Wolf barks 5.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/Wood Heavy 5.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/assets/sounds/bamboo_hit_by_lord.ogg
usr/share/SNKRX/buy_screen.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/conf.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/devlog.md
usr/share/SNKRX/enemies.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/datastructures/
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/datastructures/graph.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/datastructures/grid.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/datastructures/string.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/datastructures/table.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/external/
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/external/binser.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/external/clipper.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/external/init.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/external/mlib.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/external/ripple.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/flashes.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/gameobject.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/group.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/hitfx.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/input.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/object.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/parent.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/physics.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/springs.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/state.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/steering.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/game/trigger.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/gamecontrollerdb.txt
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/animation.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/camera.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/canvas.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/color.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/font.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/graphics.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/image.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/shader.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/text.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/graphics/tileset.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/init.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/map/
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/map/solid.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/map/tilemap.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/chain.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/circle.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/line.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/math.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/polygon.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/random.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/rectangle.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/spring.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/triangle.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/math/vector.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/sound.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/engine/system.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/main.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/mainmenu.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/media.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/objects.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/player.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/shared.lua
usr/share/SNKRX/todo
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/SNKRX.desktop
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/snkrx-drmfree-git/
usr/share/licenses/snkrx-drmfree-git/LICENSE
