%FILES%
opt/
opt/bitwig-studio/
opt/bitwig-studio/BitwigStudio
opt/bitwig-studio/EULA.rtf
opt/bitwig-studio/EULA.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Amp.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Arpeggiator.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Audio MOD.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Audio Receiver.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Bend.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Bit-8.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Blur.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Chain.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Channel Filter.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Channel Map.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Chorus+.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Chorus.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Comb.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Compressor.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Convolution.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/DC Offset.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/De-Esser.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Delay+.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Delay-1.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Delay-2.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Delay-4.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Distortion.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Dribble.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Drum Machine.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Dual Pan.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Dynamics.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/E-Clap.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/E-Cowbell.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/E-Hat.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/E-Kick.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/E-Snare.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/E-Tom.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/EQ+.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/EQ-2.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/EQ-5.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/EQ-DJ.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Echo.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/FM-4.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/FX Grid.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/FX Layer.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/FX Selector.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Filter.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Flanger+.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Flanger.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Freq Shifter.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Gate.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/HW CV Instrument.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/HW CV Out.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/HW Clock Out.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/HW FX.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/HW Instrument.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Harmonize.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Humanize.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Instrument Layer.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Instrument Selector.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Key Filter.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/LFO MOD.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Ladder.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Latch.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/MIDI CC.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/MIDI Program Change.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/MIDI Song Select.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Micro-pitch.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Mid-Side Split.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Multi-note.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Multiband FX-2.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Multiband FX-3.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note Delay.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note FX Layer.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note FX Selector.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note Filter.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note Grid.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note Length.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note MOD.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note Receiver.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note Repeats.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Note Transpose.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Organ.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Oscilloscope.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Peak Limiter.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Phase-4.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Phaser+.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Phaser.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Pitch Shifter.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Poly Grid.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Polymer.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Polysynth.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Quantize.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Randomize.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Replacer.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Resonator Bank.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Reverb.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Ricochet.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Ring-Mod.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Rotary.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Sampler.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Saturator.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Spectrum.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Step MOD.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Stereo Split.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Strum.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Test Tone.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Time Shift.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Tool.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Transient Control.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Transpose Map.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Treemonster.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Tremolo.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Velocity Curve.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/Vocoder.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/XY FX.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/devices/XY Instrument.bwdevice
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/4-Stage.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/ADSR.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/AHD on Release.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/AHDSR.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Audio Rate.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Audio Sidechain.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Beat LFO.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Button.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Buttons.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Channel-16.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Classic LFO.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Envelope Follower.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Expressions.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Globals.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/HW CV In.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Keytrack.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/LFO.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/MIDI.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Macro-4.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Macro.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Math.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Mix.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Note Counter.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Note Sidechain.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/ParSeq-8.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Pitch-12.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Polynom.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Quantize.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Ramp.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Random.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Sample and Hold.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Select-4.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Steps.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Vector-4.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Vector-8.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Vibrato.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/Voice Stack.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modulators/XY.bwmodulator
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/AD.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/ADSR.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/AMSolidusRM.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/AND.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/AR.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Abs.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Add.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/All-pass.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Array.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Attenuate.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Audio In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Audio Out.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Audio Sidechain.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Average.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Bend.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/BiToUni.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Bias.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Blend.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Button.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/CC In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/CC Out.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/CV In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/CV Out.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/CV Pitch Out.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Ceil.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Chance.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Chebyshev.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Chorus+.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Clip.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Clock Divide.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Clock Quantize.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Clock.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Comb.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Comment.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Constant.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Curve.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Delay.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Dice.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Distortion.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Divide.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/EqualsSign.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Exp.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Flanger+.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Floor.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Follower RF.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Follower.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Gain - Vol.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Gain - dB.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Gain In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Gate In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Gate Length.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Gate Repeat.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Gates.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/GreaterThanOrEqualTo.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/GreaterThanSign.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/HW In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/HW Out.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Hard Clip.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/High-pass.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Hold.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Key On.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Keys Held.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/LFO.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/LR Gain.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Label.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Lag.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Latch.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/LessThanOrEqualTo.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/LessThanSign.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Level Scaler.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Level.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Lin To dB.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Log.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Logic Delay.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Long Delay.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Low-pass LD.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Low-pass MG.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Low-pass.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Merge.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/MinMax.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Mixer.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Mod Delay.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Modulator Out.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Multiply.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/N-Latch.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/NAND.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/NOR.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/NOT.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Noise.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/NotEqualTo.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Note In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Note Out.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/OR.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Octaver.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Oscilloscope.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pan In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pan.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Bend.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Counter.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Formant.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Lag.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Mirror.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Pinch.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Pulse.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Reset.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Reverse.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Saw.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Scaler.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Shift.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Sine.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Sinemod.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Skew.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Split.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Sync.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Triangle.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Window.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase Wrap.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phase-1.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phaser+.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Phasor.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pitch In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pitch Quantize.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pitch Scaler.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pitch To Phase.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pitch.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pitches.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pluck.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/PolyToMono.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Power.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pressure In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Probabilities.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Product.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Pulse.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Quantize.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Quantizer.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Ratio.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Recorder.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Rectifier.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Round.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/SSolidusH LFO.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/SVF.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Sallen-Key.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Sample Solidus Hold.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Sampler.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Saturator.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Sawtooth.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Select.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Sine.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Slope NorthEastArrow.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Slope SouthEastArrow.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Spectrum.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Split.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Steps.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Stereo Merge.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Stereo Split.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Stereo Width.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Sub.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Subtract.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Sum.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Swarm.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Timbre In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Toggle.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Transport Playing.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Transport.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Transpose.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Triangle.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Trigger.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Triggers.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/UniToBi.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Union.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/VU Meter.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Value Readout.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Value Scaler.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Value.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Velo Mult.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Velocity In.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Wavefolder.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Wavetable.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/XNOR.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/XOR.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/XP.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/XY.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/Zero Crossings.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/by Semitone.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/modules/dB To Lin.bwmodule
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/nitro-image
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/nitro-std
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/presets/
opt/bitwig-studio/Library/presets/Wavetable.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/BitwigAudioEngine-X64-AVX2
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/BitwigAudioEngine-X64-SSE41
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/BitwigPluginHost-X64-SSE41
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/BitwigPluginHost-X86-SSE41
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/BitwigStudio
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/BitwigVampHost
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/bitwig.jar
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/ffmpeg
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/ffprobe
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/libLTO.so
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/libRemarks.so
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/liblwjgl.so
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/libs.jar
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/libxcb-imdkit.so
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/lwjgl.jar
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/show-file-dialog-gtk3
opt/bitwig-studio/bin/show-splash-gtk
opt/bitwig-studio/bitwig-studio
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/audio-host-api-plugins/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/audio-host-api-plugins/PipeWireAudioHostApiPlugin.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/libbase-file-notification-linux.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/libbase-platform.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/libbase-sound.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/libcairo-freetype-font-system.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/libcairo-graphics.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/libgraphics-core.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/libsqlitejdbc.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/libx11-windowing-system.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/bitwig-studio/libxcb-imdkit.so.1
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/cp/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/cp/org/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/cp/org/usb4java/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/cp/org/usb4java/linux-x86-64/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/cp/org/usb4java/linux-x86-64/libusb4java.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/bin/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/bin/java
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/bin/jrunscript
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/bin/keytool
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/logging.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/net.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/sdp/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/sdp/sdp.conf.template
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/java.policy
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/java.security
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/policy/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/policy/README.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/policy/limited/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/policy/limited/default_US_export.policy
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/policy/limited/default_local.policy
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/policy/limited/exempt_local.policy
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/policy/unlimited/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/policy/unlimited/default_US_export.policy
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/security/policy/unlimited/default_local.policy
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/conf/sound.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/aes.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/asm.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/c-libutl.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/cldr.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/icu.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/public_suffix.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.base/unicode.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.compiler/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.compiler/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.compiler/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.compiler/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.datatransfer/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.datatransfer/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.datatransfer/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.datatransfer/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.desktop/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.desktop/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.desktop/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.desktop/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.desktop/colorimaging.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.desktop/mesa3d.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.desktop/xwd.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.logging/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.logging/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.logging/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.logging/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.management/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.management/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.management/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.management/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.naming/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.naming/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.naming/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.naming/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.prefs/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.prefs/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.prefs/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.prefs/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.scripting/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.scripting/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.scripting/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.scripting/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.security.jgss/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.security.jgss/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.security.jgss/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.security.jgss/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.security.sasl/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.security.sasl/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.security.sasl/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.security.sasl/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.sql/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.sql/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.sql/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.sql/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.transaction.xa/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.transaction.xa/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.transaction.xa/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.transaction.xa/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.xml/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.xml/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.xml/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.xml/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.xml/bcel.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.xml/dom.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.xml/jcup.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.xml/xalan.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/java.xml/xerces.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.charsets/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.charsets/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.charsets/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.charsets/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.crypto.ec/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.crypto.ec/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.crypto.ec/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.crypto.ec/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.httpserver/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.httpserver/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.httpserver/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.httpserver/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.jdwp.agent/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.jdwp.agent/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.jdwp.agent/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.jdwp.agent/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.localedata/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.localedata/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.localedata/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.localedata/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.localedata/cldr.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.localedata/thaidict.md
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.unsupported/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.unsupported/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.unsupported/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.unsupported/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.xml.dom/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.xml.dom/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.xml.dom/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/legal/jdk.xml.dom/LICENSE
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/classlist
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/jexec
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/jrt-fs.jar
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/jspawnhelper
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/jvm.cfg
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libawt.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libawt_headless.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libawt_xawt.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libdt_socket.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libfontmanager.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libj2gss.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libjava.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libjavajpeg.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libjawt.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libjdwp.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libjimage.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libjli.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libjsig.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libjsound.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/liblcms.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libmanagement.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libmlib_image.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libnet.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libnio.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libprefs.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libsplashscreen.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libverify.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/libzip.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/modules
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/psfont.properties.ja
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/psfontj2d.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/security/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/security/blocked.certs
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/security/cacerts
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/security/default.policy
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/security/public_suffix_list.dat
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/server/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/server/libjsig.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/server/libjvm.so
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/lib/tzdb.dat
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/jre/release
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/vamp-plugins/
opt/bitwig-studio/lib/vamp-plugins/transient-detector.so
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/EWI_USB.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPK25.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPK25.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPK25.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPK25_preset_bank_bitwig-preset1.SQS
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPK49-Bank-with-Bitwig-Studio-preset.SQS
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPK49.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPK49.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPK49.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPKmini.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPKmini.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPKmini.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/akai/MPKmini_Bitwig_Preset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/api/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/api/api_v1.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/api/midi.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/api/sysex.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/api/utils.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/arturia/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/arturia/Extensions.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/arturia/MiniLab.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/arturia/MiniLab.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/arturia/MiniLab.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/BCF2000.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/BCF2000.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/BCF2000.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/BCF2000_bitwig_preset.syx
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/BCR2000.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/BCR2000.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/BCR2000.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/BCR2000_bitwig_preset.syx
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/bc_stepsequencer.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/bcf_pages.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/behringer/bcr_pages.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/cme/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/cme/Xkey.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/doc/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/doc/bitwig.css
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/doc/design_specs_margins.pdf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/doc/design_specs_typo.pdf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/doc/important.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/doc/logo.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/joue/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/joue/Joue.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/keith-mcmillen-instruments/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/keith-mcmillen-instruments/KBP4/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/keith-mcmillen-instruments/KBP4/K-Board_Pro_4.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/keith-mcmillen-instruments/KBP4/K-Board_Pro_4.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/keith-mcmillen-instruments/KBP4/bitwig.css
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/korg/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/korg/microKEY-25.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/korg/nanoKONTROL.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/korg/nanoKONTROL.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/korg/nanoKONTROL.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/korg/nanoKONTROL2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/korg/nanoKONTROL2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/korg/nanoKONTROL2.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/korg/padKONTROL.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/600px-Bitwig_Alias8_classeq.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/600px-Bitwig_Alias8_clipsmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/600px-Bitwig_Alias8_devmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/600px-Bitwig_Alias8_mixmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/600px-Bitwig_Alias8_mommode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/600px-Bitwig_Alias8_seqmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/600px-Bitwig_Alias8_shiftseqmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/600px-Bitwig_Alias8_trackmixmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/load(1).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/load(2).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/load(3).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/load(4).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/load.php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Alias8_files/magnify-clip.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/BASE.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/BASEII.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/40px-Momentaryicon.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/600px-Bitwig_Base_clipsmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_clipsshift.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_devmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_drums.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_drumsshift.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_instshift.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_scales.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_sendsmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_seqflip.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_seqmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_Base_seqshift.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/800px-Bitwig_DeviceMacroParam.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/load(1).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/load(2).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/load(3).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/load(4).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/load.php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Base_files/magnify-clip.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/40px-Momentaryicon.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/800px-Bitwig_CNTRLR_clipsmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/800px-Bitwig_CNTRLR_seqflip.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/800px-Bitwig_CNTRLR_seqmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/800px-Bitwig_CNTRLR_seqshift.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/800px-Bitwig_DeviceMacroParam.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/load(1).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/load(2).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/load(3).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/load(4).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/load.php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CNTRLR_files/magnify-clip.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/CodeUser.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/600px-Bitwig_Code_devicemode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/600px-Bitwig_Code_mixmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/600px-Bitwig_Code_sendsmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/600px-Bitwig_Code_seqmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/load(1).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/load(2).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/load(3).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/load(4).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/load.php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Code_files/magnify-clip.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/400px-DS1-Bitwig_prefs.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/600px-DS1-Bitwig_eq.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/600px-DS1-Bitwig_fx.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/600px-DS1-Bitwig_map.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/600px-DS1-Bitwig_master.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/load(1).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/load(2).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/load(3).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/load(4).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_files/load.php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/DS1_sends.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWingUser.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing_files/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing_files/600px-Bitwig_gwing_map.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing_files/Bitwig_prefs.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing_files/load(1).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing_files/load(2).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing_files/load(3).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing_files/load(4).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing_files/load.php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/GuitarWing_files/magnify-clip.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/40px-Momentaryicon.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/800px-Bitwig_DeviceMacroParam.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/800px-Bitwig_Ohm_clipshold.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/800px-Bitwig_Ohm_clipsmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/800px-Bitwig_Ohm_seqflip.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/800px-Bitwig_Ohm_seqmode.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/load(1).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/load(2).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/load(3).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/load(4).php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/load.php
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/OhmRGB_files/magnify-clip.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/livid/Prototypes.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/mackie/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/mackie/MCU_PRO.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/mackie/MCU_PRO.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/mackie/MCU_PRO.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/mackie/mcu_display.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/mackie/mcu_encoders.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/mackie/mcu_var.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/Bitwig.nckk
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrol.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS25.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS25.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS25.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS49.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS49.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS49.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS61.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS61.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Komplete Kontrol/KompleteKontrolS61.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/ApplicationControl.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/Bitwig Studio.ncmj
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/Button.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/ButtonGrid.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/ClipLaunchView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/ClipMode.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/Constants.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/ControlMapping.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/DeviceSliderControl.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/DrumPadView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/JamMode.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/MainKnobControl.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/MaschineJam.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/MaschineJam.pdf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/MixerSliderControl.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/ModifierBank.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/NoteLayoutManager.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/NoteView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/PadMode.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/PatternLengthView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/SceneLaunchView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/SliderModeHandler.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/SliderView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/StepMode.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/StepPositionView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/StepView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/TouchView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/Touchstrip.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/TrackHandler.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/TrackView.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nativeinstruments/Maschine JAM/TransportHandler.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/GX_Bitwig_Chart.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GX49_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GX49_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GX61_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GX61_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GXP49_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GXP49_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GXP61_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GXP61_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GXP88_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_GXP88_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX25+_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX25+_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX25_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX49+_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX49+_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX49_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX61+_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX61+_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX61_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX88+_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX88+_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_LX88_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_iX49_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/IMPACT_iX61_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/ImpactLX49+.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/SE25_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/SE25_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/SE49_v2.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/SE49_v2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/SE_buttons.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/inx1.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/nektar/inx2.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Impulse.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Impulse.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Impulse25.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchkey 49.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/Launchpad.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/Launchpad.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/Launchpad.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/Launchpad_sticker.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/launchpad_constants.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/launchpad_drum.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/launchpad_grid.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/launchpad_keys.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/launchpad_notemap.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/launchpad_page.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/Launchpad/launchpad_step_sequencer.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/novation/launchkey_common.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/QUNEO.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/QUNEO.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/QUNEO.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/QUNEO_clips.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/QUNEO_functions.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/QUNEO_notes.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/QUNEO_pages.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/QUNEO_parameterPage.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/QuNeo.Bitwig.quneopreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/quneo/bitwig.css
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/reloop/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/reloop/Extensions.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/reloop/KeyFadr.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/reloop/KeyFadr.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/reloop/KeyFadr.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/reloop/KeyPad.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/reloop/KeyPad.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/reloop/KeyPad.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/reloop/Reloop.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/roli/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/roli/Seaboard GRAND.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sensel/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sensel/MorphMPE.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sensel/MorphMPE.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sensel/Prototypes.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sensel/bitwig_script_drum_callouts.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sensel/bitwig_script_mp_callouts.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sensel/bitwig_script_piano_callouts.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sensel/bitwig_script_thunder_callouts.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sensel/iopanel.jpg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sourceaudio/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sourceaudio/HotHand.control.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/sourceaudio/HotHand.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/template/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/ControllerScripts/template/template.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/01af068e-1e49-4777-a6e6-7f1dc679227a/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/01af068e-1e49-4777-a6e6-7f1dc679227a/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/01af068e-1e49-4777-a6e6-7f1dc679227a/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/01c7c48f-40cd-40cd-8a9a-1f258f1cc7d5/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/01c7c48f-40cd-40cd-8a9a-1f258f1cc7d5/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/01c7c48f-40cd-40cd-8a9a-1f258f1cc7d5/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0645879b-efea-4bbe-8e41-9a176247b808/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0645879b-efea-4bbe-8e41-9a176247b808/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0645879b-efea-4bbe-8e41-9a176247b808/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/066d0065-99a4-47da-b0f7-9468ef69c1cf/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/066d0065-99a4-47da-b0f7-9468ef69c1cf/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0815cd9e-3a31-4429-a268-dabd952a3b68/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0815cd9e-3a31-4429-a268-dabd952a3b68/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0815cd9e-3a31-4429-a268-dabd952a3b68/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0a015261-7546-4f6d-9197-098a26ff2c20/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0a015261-7546-4f6d-9197-098a26ff2c20/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0a015261-7546-4f6d-9197-098a26ff2c20/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0a1490cc-7df2-470c-b48e-6889b0f0361b/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0a1490cc-7df2-470c-b48e-6889b0f0361b/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0ae4fef0-e859-4085-a100-448f5158eafb/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0ae4fef0-e859-4085-a100-448f5158eafb/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0f003fa3-adcc-4684-81f7-f0e11c09c5b4/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/0f003fa3-adcc-4684-81f7-f0e11c09c5b4/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/109d747c-ec75-4255-b495-7adba6ea66b6/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/109d747c-ec75-4255-b495-7adba6ea66b6/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/109d747c-ec75-4255-b495-7adba6ea66b6/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/10c3be1f-ceb4-4bbc-bf35-af11285e58e0/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/10c3be1f-ceb4-4bbc-bf35-af11285e58e0/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/1179be46-4d43-4a26-bb5f-430bc3fef9ba/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/1179be46-4d43-4a26-bb5f-430bc3fef9ba/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/18a37a4d-8613-442d-a6eb-931002ba9a36/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/18a37a4d-8613-442d-a6eb-931002ba9a36/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/18a37a4d-8613-442d-a6eb-931002ba9a36/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/19749bf6-0974-4356-9bce-6ab3b5a1af04/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/19749bf6-0974-4356-9bce-6ab3b5a1af04/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/1b8f2226-c432-4a0a-9830-69bc76d1a276/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/1b8f2226-c432-4a0a-9830-69bc76d1a276/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/1c116b76-2b07-4b16-bf2a-ed5f0bdcc661/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/1c116b76-2b07-4b16-bf2a-ed5f0bdcc661/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/1c116b76-2b07-4b16-bf2a-ed5f0bdcc661/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/20b72dbc-0fe1-47c5-867c-f0ab1510f723/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/20b72dbc-0fe1-47c5-867c-f0ab1510f723/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/20b72dbc-0fe1-47c5-867c-f0ab1510f723/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/20e18780-8438-48d3-b234-40dcbaa947b8/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/20e18780-8438-48d3-b234-40dcbaa947b8/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/20e18780-8438-48d3-b234-40dcbaa947b8/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/214857d6-b468-4257-9bc9-92f017af1782/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/214857d6-b468-4257-9bc9-92f017af1782/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/214857d6-b468-4257-9bc9-92f017af1782/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/227e2e3c-75d5-46f3-960d-8fb5529fe29f/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/227e2e3c-75d5-46f3-960d-8fb5529fe29f/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/227e2e3c-75d5-46f3-960d-8fb5529fe29f/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/22e785a2-a187-41e9-a0f2-66343694014c/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/22e785a2-a187-41e9-a0f2-66343694014c/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/22e785a2-a187-41e9-a0f2-66343694014c/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/252723bf-68a6-4ee6-81f8-95ba4d0fb467/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/252723bf-68a6-4ee6-81f8-95ba4d0fb467/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/252723bf-68a6-4ee6-81f8-95ba4d0fb467/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/264d6f4e-5067-46c9-a4fa-a75a295d9e01/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/264d6f4e-5067-46c9-a4fa-a75a295d9e01/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/267e71c5-6aad-41f6-92da-3127e3bd1a25/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/267e71c5-6aad-41f6-92da-3127e3bd1a25/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/284a1949-29d5-4dd4-8315-86cef92fd2cd/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/284a1949-29d5-4dd4-8315-86cef92fd2cd/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/284a1949-29d5-4dd4-8315-86cef92fd2cd/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/29b93a99-eb3a-4b19-8c12-8b4391f5a1ea/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/29b93a99-eb3a-4b19-8c12-8b4391f5a1ea/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/29b93a99-eb3a-4b19-8c12-8b4391f5a1ea/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/2a7a7328-3f7a-4afb-95eb-5230c298bb90/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/2a7a7328-3f7a-4afb-95eb-5230c298bb90/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/2a7a7328-3f7a-4afb-95eb-5230c298bb90/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/2b1b4787-8d74-4138-877b-9197209eef0f/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/2b1b4787-8d74-4138-877b-9197209eef0f/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/2b1b4787-8d74-4138-877b-9197209eef0f/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/2ddd3d4f-04b9-4ad5-a6f7-08e01df14c0f/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/2ddd3d4f-04b9-4ad5-a6f7-08e01df14c0f/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/32b83536-bedf-40ef-a4a0-dbd1036be8eb/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/32b83536-bedf-40ef-a4a0-dbd1036be8eb/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/32b83536-bedf-40ef-a4a0-dbd1036be8eb/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/374feaeb-c785-4243-9d08-3f9099b4c0cb/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/374feaeb-c785-4243-9d08-3f9099b4c0cb/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/374feaeb-c785-4243-9d08-3f9099b4c0cb/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/384fe469-6023-4f69-9560-e0c2eec2da49/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/384fe469-6023-4f69-9560-e0c2eec2da49/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/384fe469-6023-4f69-9560-e0c2eec2da49/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/39f4b136-2946-4ac5-b34c-e5fde1e58fd8/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/39f4b136-2946-4ac5-b34c-e5fde1e58fd8/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/3cc1b71a-e22a-42cf-89f0-316475368fb3/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/3cc1b71a-e22a-42cf-89f0-316475368fb3/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/3cc1b71a-e22a-42cf-89f0-316475368fb3/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/41be8f3a-6d24-4442-9508-8548dbe62d47/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/41be8f3a-6d24-4442-9508-8548dbe62d47/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/41be8f3a-6d24-4442-9508-8548dbe62d47/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/429c7dcb-6863-48bc-becc-508463841e3b/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/429c7dcb-6863-48bc-becc-508463841e3b/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/429c7dcb-6863-48bc-becc-508463841e3b/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/43875255-6f1f-4d54-a5ad-c45bff793477/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/43875255-6f1f-4d54-a5ad-c45bff793477/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/43875255-6f1f-4d54-a5ad-c45bff793477/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/43c102c9-ce32-4dd8-b207-f0831733b17b/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/43c102c9-ce32-4dd8-b207-f0831733b17b/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/44da1c7d-5fef-4d7a-9b1c-739324a59a97/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/44da1c7d-5fef-4d7a-9b1c-739324a59a97/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/468bc14b-b2e7-45a1-9666-e83117fe404e/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/468bc14b-b2e7-45a1-9666-e83117fe404e/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/468bc14b-b2e7-45a1-9666-e83117fe404e/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/46b3e40a-629c-42c2-9e14-a1ccbcaa903b/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/46b3e40a-629c-42c2-9e14-a1ccbcaa903b/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/46b3e40a-629c-42c2-9e14-a1ccbcaa903b/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/477800ae-e480-47f6-b46b-7faab59e3bd4/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/477800ae-e480-47f6-b46b-7faab59e3bd4/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4ae6d37a-5412-4691-aa8b-261e94e60c59/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4ae6d37a-5412-4691-aa8b-261e94e60c59/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4c396eb6-953d-4de0-afaa-63276fc1150b/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4c396eb6-953d-4de0-afaa-63276fc1150b/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4ccfc70e-59bd-4e97-a8a7-d8cdce88bf42/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4ccfc70e-59bd-4e97-a8a7-d8cdce88bf42/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4ccfc70e-59bd-4e97-a8a7-d8cdce88bf42/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4d407a2b-c91b-4e4c-9a89-c53c19fe6251/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4d407a2b-c91b-4e4c-9a89-c53c19fe6251/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/4d407a2b-c91b-4e4c-9a89-c53c19fe6251/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/5024be2e-65d6-4d40-bbfe-8b2ea993c445/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/5024be2e-65d6-4d40-bbfe-8b2ea993c445/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/5024be2e-65d6-4d40-bbfe-8b2ea993c445/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/51169152-c144-4a38-95ba-1390fb579a1f/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/51169152-c144-4a38-95ba-1390fb579a1f/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/51169152-c144-4a38-95ba-1390fb579a1f/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/528f7939-87c0-4997-8e71-6331d2eee388/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/528f7939-87c0-4997-8e71-6331d2eee388/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/556300ac-3a6e-4423-966a-5d5dde459a1b/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/556300ac-3a6e-4423-966a-5d5dde459a1b/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/556300ac-3a6e-4423-966a-5d5dde459a1b/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/57ecd20d-5c8d-4bc5-8f31-968cbb2cd144/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/57ecd20d-5c8d-4bc5-8f31-968cbb2cd144/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/5a1cb339-1c4a-4cc7-9cae-bd7a2058153d/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/5a1cb339-1c4a-4cc7-9cae-bd7a2058153d/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/5a1cb339-1c4a-4cc7-9cae-bd7a2058153d/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/5b7ab937-4f09-41fc-a379-983fb597b2ff/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/5b7ab937-4f09-41fc-a379-983fb597b2ff/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/613dd120-9f55-4d24-97ac-f7902ffa7ce7/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/613dd120-9f55-4d24-97ac-f7902ffa7ce7/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/613dd120-9f55-4d24-97ac-f7902ffa7ce7/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/65cd4274-cede-4ff6-a3d5-c09e89108d8d/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/65cd4274-cede-4ff6-a3d5-c09e89108d8d/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/6a27aef7-bba5-4b0d-af98-7c192f84fbc2/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/6a27aef7-bba5-4b0d-af98-7c192f84fbc2/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/6a27aef7-bba5-4b0d-af98-7c192f84fbc2/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/6aec6e78-9c1e-4c0b-8a88-0c2c37890a1d/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/6aec6e78-9c1e-4c0b-8a88-0c2c37890a1d/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/6aec6e78-9c1e-4c0b-8a88-0c2c37890a1d/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/6cccc56b-cd93-435d-bae0-4d10c35c387a/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/6cccc56b-cd93-435d-bae0-4d10c35c387a/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/71539d5d-1c7a-4dac-8f74-29e23b89b599/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/71539d5d-1c7a-4dac-8f74-29e23b89b599/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/71539d5d-1c7a-4dac-8f74-29e23b89b599/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/71e6dbd8-a117-4ff0-85e8-5650f5a76d98/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/71e6dbd8-a117-4ff0-85e8-5650f5a76d98/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/71e6dbd8-a117-4ff0-85e8-5650f5a76d98/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/726cd882-3d94-4140-b2b7-cfa7f416cc69/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/726cd882-3d94-4140-b2b7-cfa7f416cc69/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/72a3018d-788b-472c-b1d7-16419d00f4c6/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/72a3018d-788b-472c-b1d7-16419d00f4c6/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/72a3018d-788b-472c-b1d7-16419d00f4c6/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/742e4a89-df78-4ca5-b6b0-ca78889d5953/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/742e4a89-df78-4ca5-b6b0-ca78889d5953/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/742e4a89-df78-4ca5-b6b0-ca78889d5953/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/754fdba1-2c16-494c-a47c-16f7a7ad9363/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/754fdba1-2c16-494c-a47c-16f7a7ad9363/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/754fdba1-2c16-494c-a47c-16f7a7ad9363/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/7a0a94df-3aa4-4bb5-8e24-2511999871ad/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/7a0a94df-3aa4-4bb5-8e24-2511999871ad/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/7a0a94df-3aa4-4bb5-8e24-2511999871ad/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/7e09068b-fee5-457e-afe4-7017661ebbd3/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/7e09068b-fee5-457e-afe4-7017661ebbd3/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/7ec87fdf-0bf8-42e7-b54b-5d8b68e330b1/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/7ec87fdf-0bf8-42e7-b54b-5d8b68e330b1/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/7ec87fdf-0bf8-42e7-b54b-5d8b68e330b1/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8393c436-b11b-4fee-85dd-b2ef0a2ed380/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8393c436-b11b-4fee-85dd-b2ef0a2ed380/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8393c436-b11b-4fee-85dd-b2ef0a2ed380/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/839e96da-cda4-45ce-b5a1-e0a40a176968/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/839e96da-cda4-45ce-b5a1-e0a40a176968/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/85ca7753-049a-419a-bb37-d8c358b10932/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/85ca7753-049a-419a-bb37-d8c358b10932/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/861bb5b0-5cd6-4066-9681-1cc561cb898f/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/861bb5b0-5cd6-4066-9681-1cc561cb898f/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8750db61-e9d3-4d0e-a610-e734006a64dc/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8750db61-e9d3-4d0e-a610-e734006a64dc/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8750db61-e9d3-4d0e-a610-e734006a64dc/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/89eba41d-46d3-4506-8ce6-ba9fe3e3bee4/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/89eba41d-46d3-4506-8ce6-ba9fe3e3bee4/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/89eba41d-46d3-4506-8ce6-ba9fe3e3bee4/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8bab3b86-0e9e-4c4c-9b00-79464a708cc0/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8bab3b86-0e9e-4c4c-9b00-79464a708cc0/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8da7251e-2578-4bcc-b3c4-8f4ec2e115d0/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8da7251e-2578-4bcc-b3c4-8f4ec2e115d0/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8da7251e-2578-4bcc-b3c4-8f4ec2e115d0/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8ea97e45-0255-40fd-bc7e-94419741e9d1/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8ea97e45-0255-40fd-bc7e-94419741e9d1/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8ea97e45-0255-40fd-bc7e-94419741e9d1/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8f58138b-03aa-4e9d-83bd-a038c99a4ed5/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8f58138b-03aa-4e9d-83bd-a038c99a4ed5/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8f58138b-03aa-4e9d-83bd-a038c99a4ed5/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8fc25e70-b92b-4096-8270-42e492df501a/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8fc25e70-b92b-4096-8270-42e492df501a/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8fc25e70-b92b-4096-8270-42e492df501a/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8fd471db-15df-44c6-b497-4bb851d4fd46/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/8fd471db-15df-44c6-b497-4bb851d4fd46/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/93c9d566-4cc9-4895-bf5b-475cab44eba9/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/93c9d566-4cc9-4895-bf5b-475cab44eba9/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/93d11348-86ae-4ead-9fe7-84ac03b9369c/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/93d11348-86ae-4ead-9fe7-84ac03b9369c/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/93d11348-86ae-4ead-9fe7-84ac03b9369c/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/956e396b-07c5-4430-a58d-8dcfc316522a/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/956e396b-07c5-4430-a58d-8dcfc316522a/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9588fbcf-721a-438b-8555-97e4231f7d2c/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9588fbcf-721a-438b-8555-97e4231f7d2c/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/96196ffe-658f-46c4-84ba-153799be3657/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/96196ffe-658f-46c4-84ba-153799be3657/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/962cfcad-aaf7-433d-ab17-601f3843dd79/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/962cfcad-aaf7-433d-ab17-601f3843dd79/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/96456481-4c52-423a-8485-4604b15d0183/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/96456481-4c52-423a-8485-4604b15d0183/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/965f7fc4-3f76-4e83-8870-98673cb0576a/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/965f7fc4-3f76-4e83-8870-98673cb0576a/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9ab5d37c-f1ae-47a0-b85d-0f5b7c4fdb90/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9ab5d37c-f1ae-47a0-b85d-0f5b7c4fdb90/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9c386672-c8bb-4633-ac71-002803c8441c/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9c386672-c8bb-4633-ac71-002803c8441c/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9eaf8e7d-b8f7-4134-85c1-c7c77dd9fe92/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9eaf8e7d-b8f7-4134-85c1-c7c77dd9fe92/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9f3cc825-3284-4c5a-b51f-01219de13b7c/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/9f3cc825-3284-4c5a-b51f-01219de13b7c/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a0913b7f-096b-4ac9-bddd-33c775314b42/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a0913b7f-096b-4ac9-bddd-33c775314b42/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a0913b7f-096b-4ac9-bddd-33c775314b42/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a0b8f27a-128e-4f72-b9fc-a277060b87ee/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a0b8f27a-128e-4f72-b9fc-a277060b87ee/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a0b8f27a-128e-4f72-b9fc-a277060b87ee/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a0cb2ec0-2464-461c-8165-296f98905539/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a0cb2ec0-2464-461c-8165-296f98905539/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a0cb2ec0-2464-461c-8165-296f98905539/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a2b59797-2b25-4860-862d-6ab72393b4ca/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a2b59797-2b25-4860-862d-6ab72393b4ca/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a2b59797-2b25-4860-862d-6ab72393b4ca/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a33bba66-8cd4-4f89-aee5-68bf67f70a54/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a33bba66-8cd4-4f89-aee5-68bf67f70a54/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a68e0f1b-bcc6-45c2-b09e-8c8771f83e50/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a68e0f1b-bcc6-45c2-b09e-8c8771f83e50/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a68e0f1b-bcc6-45c2-b09e-8c8771f83e50/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a6c9b12f-45a5-43e3-b100-b74ecf77367b/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a6c9b12f-45a5-43e3-b100-b74ecf77367b/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a6c9b12f-45a5-43e3-b100-b74ecf77367b/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a72eb152-884e-4bf0-bd22-d21e49fd3466/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a72eb152-884e-4bf0-bd22-d21e49fd3466/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a99f8c3c-7813-4e6b-a18a-302c74286efc/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a99f8c3c-7813-4e6b-a18a-302c74286efc/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a99f8c3c-7813-4e6b-a18a-302c74286efc/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a9ffacb5-33e9-4fc7-8621-b1af31e410ef/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a9ffacb5-33e9-4fc7-8621-b1af31e410ef/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/a9ffacb5-33e9-4fc7-8621-b1af31e410ef/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/aaf4f8c0-0847-4331-9cb2-cdd764c86602/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/aaf4f8c0-0847-4331-9cb2-cdd764c86602/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/abfbbd63-8801-4bdb-a1ad-4b197f4d41e0/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/abfbbd63-8801-4bdb-a1ad-4b197f4d41e0/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/abfbbd63-8801-4bdb-a1ad-4b197f4d41e0/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ad947004-f1d3-40a1-bd15-3ec721ee7c65/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ad947004-f1d3-40a1-bd15-3ec721ee7c65/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b2c25043-ead7-47ab-a476-62a17cb17cd1/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b2c25043-ead7-47ab-a476-62a17cb17cd1/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b5b2b08e-730e-4192-be71-f572ceb5069b/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b5b2b08e-730e-4192-be71-f572ceb5069b/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b5b2b08e-730e-4192-be71-f572ceb5069b/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b5c7c298-e6af-42b3-8f14-26e25bb72d48/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b5c7c298-e6af-42b3-8f14-26e25bb72d48/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b5c7c298-e6af-42b3-8f14-26e25bb72d48/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b64070ae-5a59-4640-bb6a-194619bc12d8/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b64070ae-5a59-4640-bb6a-194619bc12d8/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b64070ae-5a59-4640-bb6a-194619bc12d8/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b7b0b046-ed3c-4b0c-ac85-3191a0c0ba82/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b7b0b046-ed3c-4b0c-ac85-3191a0c0ba82/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b84241c5-b8b7-403f-8422-8195cf6d3478/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b84241c5-b8b7-403f-8422-8195cf6d3478/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b89c1bce-203a-46be-8869-a44eb7868860/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/b89c1bce-203a-46be-8869-a44eb7868860/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/bab3f04d-d3b6-4dfa-86f9-506e0b091ca8/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/bab3f04d-d3b6-4dfa-86f9-506e0b091ca8/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/bab3f04d-d3b6-4dfa-86f9-506e0b091ca8/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/bf29a7b0-91dc-4851-8a94-c63f358f3cda/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/bf29a7b0-91dc-4851-8a94-c63f358f3cda/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c511bc17-9ebf-43de-a20c-4a9e40028fdf/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c511bc17-9ebf-43de-a20c-4a9e40028fdf/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c5a1bb2d-a589-4fda-b3cf-911cfd6297be/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c5a1bb2d-a589-4fda-b3cf-911cfd6297be/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c6153773-ed96-4cca-a767-5cf3d5dceacb/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c6153773-ed96-4cca-a767-5cf3d5dceacb/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c6d5de18-a6f1-4daa-90a9-d9254527601a/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c6d5de18-a6f1-4daa-90a9-d9254527601a/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c6d5de18-a6f1-4daa-90a9-d9254527601a/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c742501f-b3ea-42c0-9345-01c4c6405c56/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c742501f-b3ea-42c0-9345-01c4c6405c56/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c86d21fb-d544-4daf-a1bf-57de22aa320c/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c86d21fb-d544-4daf-a1bf-57de22aa320c/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c86d21fb-d544-4daf-a1bf-57de22aa320c/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c8ed6372-d24f-47e0-9e9b-5b2a37949c45/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c8ed6372-d24f-47e0-9e9b-5b2a37949c45/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c8ed6372-d24f-47e0-9e9b-5b2a37949c45/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c94820f8-3779-438b-a85b-868e57b746cc/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c94820f8-3779-438b-a85b-868e57b746cc/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/c94820f8-3779-438b-a85b-868e57b746cc/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ca05aebd-ecaf-4d57-b0f6-c04ce81674c4/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ca05aebd-ecaf-4d57-b0f6-c04ce81674c4/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d0e71e2d-d491-4cce-a227-fbe118cc4e52/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d0e71e2d-d491-4cce-a227-fbe118cc4e52/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d0e71e2d-d491-4cce-a227-fbe118cc4e52/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d275f9a6-0e4a-409c-9dc4-d74af90bc7ae/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d275f9a6-0e4a-409c-9dc4-d74af90bc7ae/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d275f9a6-0e4a-409c-9dc4-d74af90bc7ae/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d641f61b-d4db-4006-930e-cdd7aeb3e9d7/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d641f61b-d4db-4006-930e-cdd7aeb3e9d7/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d98f7ce5-564e-4b95-926a-4e7b50a251c6/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d98f7ce5-564e-4b95-926a-4e7b50a251c6/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/d98f7ce5-564e-4b95-926a-4e7b50a251c6/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/db22eb41-c8a0-4055-b617-637614dfa185/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/db22eb41-c8a0-4055-b617-637614dfa185/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/db22eb41-c8a0-4055-b617-637614dfa185/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/dc06a9a5-b0b7-41f1-af45-a3a1d2173fb8/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/dc06a9a5-b0b7-41f1-af45-a3a1d2173fb8/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/dc06a9a5-b0b7-41f1-af45-a3a1d2173fb8/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/dd594db1-a908-453f-a1b9-0a1b6c4c3b32/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/dd594db1-a908-453f-a1b9-0a1b6c4c3b32/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/dd594db1-a908-453f-a1b9-0a1b6c4c3b32/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/df0a08cc-68b4-4fb2-a662-05cb09745e37/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/df0a08cc-68b4-4fb2-a662-05cb09745e37/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e45e00d2-85a0-4c05-8321-819694befa09/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e45e00d2-85a0-4c05-8321-819694befa09/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e45e00d2-85a0-4c05-8321-819694befa09/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e4815188-ba6f-4d14-bcfc-2dcb8f778ccb/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e4815188-ba6f-4d14-bcfc-2dcb8f778ccb/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e4815188-ba6f-4d14-bcfc-2dcb8f778ccb/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e67b9c56-838d-4fba-8e3e-ae4e02cccbcb/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e67b9c56-838d-4fba-8e3e-ae4e02cccbcb/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e67b9c56-838d-4fba-8e3e-ae4e02cccbcb/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e84c96bc-6ff3-401b-af14-eddf9344c3e9/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/e84c96bc-6ff3-401b-af14-eddf9344c3e9/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ee445061-a0ee-4322-991a-b60212db04ed/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ee445061-a0ee-4322-991a-b60212db04ed/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ee445061-a0ee-4322-991a-b60212db04ed/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ef7559c8-49ae-4657-95be-11abb896c969/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ef7559c8-49ae-4657-95be-11abb896c969/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ef7559c8-49ae-4657-95be-11abb896c969/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f0e3192a-2cfb-4576-ae27-0b49c0442c24/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f0e3192a-2cfb-4576-ae27-0b49c0442c24/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f14bacde-084c-4f14-8bdf-d8c4fda8b368/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f14bacde-084c-4f14-8bdf-d8c4fda8b368/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f14bacde-084c-4f14-8bdf-d8c4fda8b368/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f2baa2a8-36c5-4a79-b1d9-a4e461c45ee9/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f2baa2a8-36c5-4a79-b1d9-a4e461c45ee9/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f2baa2a8-36c5-4a79-b1d9-a4e461c45ee9/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f2dcfe9a-7b66-4c84-984a-b25685a1c21a/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f2dcfe9a-7b66-4c84-984a-b25685a1c21a/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f2dcfe9a-7b66-4c84-984a-b25685a1c21a/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f3b90fff-402b-4187-9aab-620f441577b9/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f3b90fff-402b-4187-9aab-620f441577b9/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f3b90fff-402b-4187-9aab-620f441577b9/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f7b6f2a6-bfca-41ec-8646-b68e0f4cf12b/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f7b6f2a6-bfca-41ec-8646-b68e0f4cf12b/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f7b6f2a6-bfca-41ec-8646-b68e0f4cf12b/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f95a0e18-5a8b-4f53-93ad-8be73fd668bd/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f95a0e18-5a8b-4f53-93ad-8be73fd668bd/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f97699d1-3b8e-4363-8ede-4994e276cc97/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f97699d1-3b8e-4363-8ede-4994e276cc97/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/f97699d1-3b8e-4363-8ede-4994e276cc97/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fad02a39-b88e-48da-9c54-8413ae396264/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fad02a39-b88e-48da-9c54-8413ae396264/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/faea6af4-72db-42c6-adac-0f74d8ebdbbf/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/faea6af4-72db-42c6-adac-0f74d8ebdbbf/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fc87ae07-1624-449f-8dae-2db5d93e1aa9/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fc87ae07-1624-449f-8dae-2db5d93e1aa9/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fc87ae07-1624-449f-8dae-2db5d93e1aa9/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fcd9aa65-ebbb-4337-a97e-69929322ef47/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fcd9aa65-ebbb-4337-a97e-69929322ef47/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fcd9aa65-ebbb-4337-a97e-69929322ef47/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fd7a9e6c-6992-40c2-be3b-ac8ed48553e9/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fd7a9e6c-6992-40c2-be3b-ac8ed48553e9/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fe4e0ac8-54d2-45c1-a997-77a1e8268696/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/fe4e0ac8-54d2-45c1-a997-77a1e8268696/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ff299d28-d822-4686-ac0a-03c0ae69b32d/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ff299d28-d822-4686-ac0a-03c0ae69b32d/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ffe670a2-09aa-4c9b-8822-5161a9cca686/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ffe670a2-09aa-4c9b-8822-5161a9cca686/Default.bwpreset
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/ffe670a2-09aa-4c9b-8822-5161a9cca686/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-004d324f/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-004d324f/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-004d494e/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-004d494e/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-414c6162/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-414c6162/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-414d4551/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-414d4551/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-41525032/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-41525032/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-41724453/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-41724453/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-41766953/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-41766953/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-43535632/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-43535632/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4361416C/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4361416C/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-436C6D35/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-436C6D35/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-44344d32/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-44344d32/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-44695661/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-44695661/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-45716d42/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-45716d42/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-46535641/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-46535641/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-49756f78/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-49756f78/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4E694D61/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4E694D61/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4E696638/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4E696638/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4a753832/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4a753832/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4e317448/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4e317448/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4e504832/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4e504832/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4f625345/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-4f625345/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-50355632/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-50355632/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-50484f53/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-50484f53/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-506f646f/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-506f646f/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-52633137/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-52633137/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-534d4432/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-534d4432/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-534d4433/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-534d4433/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-534d485a/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-534d485a/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-53707232/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-53707232/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55634131/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55634131/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55634431/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55634431/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55634631/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55634631/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55634731/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55634731/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55635031/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55635031/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55635131/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55635131/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55635331/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55635331/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55635431/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55635431/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55704834/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-55704834/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-5775726c/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-5775726c/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-63625379/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-63625379/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-636A7333/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-636A7333/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-68495645/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-68495645/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-74596e36/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-74596e36/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-75525f31/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst-75525f31/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst3-D39D5B69D6AF42FA1234567844695661/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst3-D39D5B69D6AF42FA1234567844695661/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst3-D39D5B69D6AF42FA1234567855704834/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst3-D39D5B69D6AF42FA1234567855704834/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst3-D39D5B69D6AF42FA1234567875525F31/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DeviceSettings/vst3-D39D5B69D6AF42FA1234567875525F31/Default.bwremotecontrols
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/pom.xml.ftl
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/src/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/src/main/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/src/main/java/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/src/main/java/Extension.java.ftl
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/src/main/java/ExtensionDefinition.java.ftl
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/src/main/resources/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/src/main/resources/META-INF/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/src/main/resources/META-INF/services/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/java-controller/src/main/resources/META-INF/services/com.bitwig.extension.ExtensionDefinition.ftl
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/javascript-controller/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/DriverTemplates/javascript-controller/Extension.control.js.ftl
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/Extensions/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/Extensions/Controllers.bwextension
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/Extensions/Nektar-Impact-GX-Mini.bwextension
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/Extensions/Nektar-Impact-LX-Mini.bwextension
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/Extensions/Nektar-SE61.bwextension
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/OscDocumentationTemplate/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/OscDocumentationTemplate/index.html.ftl
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/VampTransforms/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/VampTransforms/OnsetDetection/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/VampTransforms/OnsetDetection/Default.vamp
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/color-palettes/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/color-palettes/Classic.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/color-palettes/Ice Pops.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/color-palettes/Kelvin.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/color-palettes/Madeira.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/color-palettes/Overcast.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/comp.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/comp@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/comp@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/comp@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/comp@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/comp@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/comp@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/comp@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/comp@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/copy.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/copy@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/copy@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/copy@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/copy@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/copy@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/copy@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/copy@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/copy@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/crosshair.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/crosshair@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/crosshair@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/crosshair@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/crosshair@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/crosshair@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/crosshair@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/crosshair@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/crosshair@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_in.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_in@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_in@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_in@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_in@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_in@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_in@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_in@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_in@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_out.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_out@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_out@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_out@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_out@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_out@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_out@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_out@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curvature_out@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curve_drag.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curve_drag@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curve_drag@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curve_drag@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curve_drag@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curve_drag@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curve_drag@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curve_drag@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/curve_drag@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drag_copy.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drag_copy@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drag_copy@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drag_copy@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drag_copy@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drag_copy@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drag_copy@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drag_copy@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drag_copy@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/draggable.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/draggable@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/draggable@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/draggable@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/draggable@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/draggable@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/draggable@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/draggable@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/draggable@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drop_disallowed.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drop_disallowed@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drop_disallowed@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drop_disallowed@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drop_disallowed@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drop_disallowed@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drop_disallowed@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drop_disallowed@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/drop_disallowed@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/eraser.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/eraser@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/eraser@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/eraser@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/eraser@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/eraser@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/eraser@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/eraser@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/eraser@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_gain.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_gain@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_gain@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_gain@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_gain@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_gain@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_gain@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_gain@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_gain@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_left.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_left@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_left@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_left@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_left@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_left@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_left@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_left@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_left@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_right.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_right@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_right@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_right@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_right@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_right@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_right@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_right@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/event_stretch_right@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_left.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_left@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_left@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_left@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_left@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_left@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_left@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_left@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_left@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_loop.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_loop@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_loop@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_loop@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_loop@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_loop@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_loop@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_loop@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_loop@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_right.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_right@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_right@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_right@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_right@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_right@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_right@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_right@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/extend_right@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_in.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_in@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_in@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_in@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_in@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_in@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_in@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_in@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_in@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_out.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_out@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_out@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_out@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_out@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_out@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_out@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_out@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/fade_out@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/follow_link.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/follow_link@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/follow_link@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/follow_link@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/follow_link@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/follow_link@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/follow_link@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/follow_link@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/follow_link@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/hand.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/hand@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/hand@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/hand@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/hand@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/hand@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/hand@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/hand@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/hand@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_cut.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_cut@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_cut@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_cut@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_cut@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_cut@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_cut@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_cut@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_cut@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_shelf.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_shelf@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_shelf@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_shelf@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_shelf@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_shelf@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_shelf@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_shelf@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/high_shelf@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/knife.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/knife@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/knife@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/knife@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/knife@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/knife@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/knife@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/knife@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/knife@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/loop_duration.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/loop_duration@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/loop_duration@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/loop_duration@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/loop_duration@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/loop_duration@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/loop_duration@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/loop_duration@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/loop_duration@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_cut.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_cut@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_cut@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_cut@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_cut@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_cut@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_cut@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_cut@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_cut@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_shelf.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_shelf@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_shelf@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_shelf@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_shelf@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_shelf@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_shelf@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_shelf@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/low_shelf@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/magnify.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/magnify@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/magnify@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/magnify@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/magnify@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/magnify@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/magnify@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/magnify@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/magnify@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/marker_drag.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/marker_drag@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/marker_drag@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/marker_drag@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/marker_drag@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/marker_drag@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/marker_drag@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/marker_drag@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/marker_drag@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/move.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/move@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/move@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/move@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/move@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/move@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/move@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/move@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/move@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/notch.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/notch@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/notch@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/notch@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/notch@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/notch@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/notch@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/notch@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/notch@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/onset_drag.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/onset_drag@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/onset_drag@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/onset_drag@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/onset_drag@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/onset_drag@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/onset_drag@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/onset_drag@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/onset_drag@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pen_pointer.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pen_pointer@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pen_pointer@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pen_pointer@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pen_pointer@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pen_pointer@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pen_pointer@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pen_pointer@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pen_pointer@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pencil.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pencil@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pencil@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pencil@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pencil@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pencil@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pencil@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pencil@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pencil@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_add.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_add@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_add@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_add@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_add@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_add@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_add@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_add@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_add@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_mono_modulation.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_mono_modulation@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_mono_modulation@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_mono_modulation@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_mono_modulation@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_mono_modulation@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_mono_modulation@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_mono_modulation@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_mono_modulation@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_poly_modulation.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_poly_modulation@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_poly_modulation@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_poly_modulation@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_poly_modulation@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_poly_modulation@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_poly_modulation@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_poly_modulation@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_poly_modulation@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value_horizontal.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value_horizontal@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value_horizontal@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value_horizontal@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value_horizontal@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value_horizontal@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value_horizontal@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value_horizontal@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_adjust_value_horizontal@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_q.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_q@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_q@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_q@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_q@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_q@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_q@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_q@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_q@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_subtract.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_subtract@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_subtract@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_subtract@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_subtract@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_subtract@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_subtract@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_subtract@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/pointer_subtract@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_bottom_edge.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_bottom_edge@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_bottom_edge@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_bottom_edge@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_bottom_edge@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_bottom_edge@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_bottom_edge@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_bottom_edge@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_bottom_edge@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_east_north.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_east_north@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_east_north@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_east_north@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_east_north@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_east_north@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_east_north@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_east_north@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_east_north@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_horizontal.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_horizontal@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_horizontal@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_horizontal@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_horizontal@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_horizontal@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_horizontal@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_horizontal@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_horizontal@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_left_edge.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_left_edge@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_left_edge@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_left_edge@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_left_edge@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_left_edge@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_left_edge@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_left_edge@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_left_edge@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_right_edge.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_right_edge@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_right_edge@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_right_edge@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_right_edge@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_right_edge@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_right_edge@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_right_edge@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_right_edge@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_top_edge.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_top_edge@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_top_edge@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_top_edge@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_top_edge@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_top_edge@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_top_edge@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_top_edge@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_top_edge@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_vertical.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_vertical@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_vertical@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_vertical@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_vertical@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_vertical@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_vertical@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_vertical@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_vertical@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_west_south.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_west_south@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_west_south@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_west_south@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_west_south@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_west_south@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_west_south@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_west_south@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/resize_west_south@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/sample_stop.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/sample_stop@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/sample_stop@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/sample_stop@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/sample_stop@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/sample_stop@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/sample_stop@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/sample_stop@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/sample_stop@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_boundary.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_boundary@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_boundary@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_boundary@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_boundary@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_boundary@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_boundary@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_boundary@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_boundary@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_comp.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_comp@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_comp@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_comp@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_comp@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_comp@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_comp@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_comp@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_comp@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_content.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_content@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_content@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_content@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_content@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_content@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_content@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_content@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/slide_content@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_horizontal.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_horizontal@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_horizontal@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_horizontal@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_horizontal@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_horizontal@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_horizontal@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_horizontal@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_horizontal@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_vertical.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_vertical@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_vertical@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_vertical@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_vertical@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_vertical@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_vertical@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_vertical@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/splitter_vertical@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_edge.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_edge@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_edge@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_edge@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_edge@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_edge@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_edge@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_edge@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_edge@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_left_edge.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_left_edge@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_left_edge@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_left_edge@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_left_edge@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_left_edge@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_left_edge@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_left_edge@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_left_edge@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_right_edge.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_right_edge@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_right_edge@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_right_edge@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_right_edge@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_right_edge@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_right_edge@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_right_edge@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/stretch_right_edge@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/text.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/text@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/text@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/text@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/text@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/text@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/text@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/text@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/text@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/time_selection.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/time_selection@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/time_selection@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/time_selection@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/time_selection@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/time_selection@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/time_selection@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/time_selection@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/time_selection@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/touch.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/touch@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/touch@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/touch@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/touch@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/touch@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/touch@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/touch@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/touch@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_drag.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_drag@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_drag@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_drag@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_drag@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_drag@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_drag@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_drag@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_drag@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_slide.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_slide@125.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_slide@150.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_slide@175.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_slide@200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_slide@225.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_slide@250.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_slide@275.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/cursors/warp_slide@300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/Bitwig Studio User Guide English.pdf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00818.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00830.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00832.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00832.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00832.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00833.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00833.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00834.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00836.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00836.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00836.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00837.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00837.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00838.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00840.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00840.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00840.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00841.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00841.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00842.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00844.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00844.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00844.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00845.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00845.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00846.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00849.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00849.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00850.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00853.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00853.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00854.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00856.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00856.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00856.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00857.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00857.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00858.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00860.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00860.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00860.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00861.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00861.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00862.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00864.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00864.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00864.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00865.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00865.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00866.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00869.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00869.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00870.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00873.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00873.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00874.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00877.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00877.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00878.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00880.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00880.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00880.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00881.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00881.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00882.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00884.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00884.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00884.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00885.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00885.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00886.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00888.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00888.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00888.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00889.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00889.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00892.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00892.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00892.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00893.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00894.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00897.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00897.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00898.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00901.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00901.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00902.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00904.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00904.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00904.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00905.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00905.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00906.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00909.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00909.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00910.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00912.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00912.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00912.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00913.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00913.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00914.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00916.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00916.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00916.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00917.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00917.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00918.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00920.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00920.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00920.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00921.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00921.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00922.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00924.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00924.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00924.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00925.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00926.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00928.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00928.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00928.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00929.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00929.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00930.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00933.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00933.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00934.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00937.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00937.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00938.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00940.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00940.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00940.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00941.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00941.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00942.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00944.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00944.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00944.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00945.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00945.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00946.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00948.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00948.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00948.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00949.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00949.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00950.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00952.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00952.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00952.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00953.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00956.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00956.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00956.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00957.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00958.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00960.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00960.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00960.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00961.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00961.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00962.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00964.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00964.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00964.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00965.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00965.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00966.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00969.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00969.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00970.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00972.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00972.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00972.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00973.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00973.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00974.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00977.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00977.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00978.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00980.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00980.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00980.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00981.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00981.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00982.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00984.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00984.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00984.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00985.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00985.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00986.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00988.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00988.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00988.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00989.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00989.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00990.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00992.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00992.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00992.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00993.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00993.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00994.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00996.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00996.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00996.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a00997.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01000.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01000.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01000.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01001.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01002.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01004.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01004.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01004.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01005.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01005.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01006.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01009.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01009.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01010.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01012.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01012.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01012.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01013.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01016.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01016.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01016.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01017.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01018.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01021.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01021.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01022.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01025.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01025.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01026.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01028.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01028.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01028.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01029.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01029.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01032.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01032.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01032.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01033.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01034.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01037.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01037.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01038.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01040.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01040.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01040.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01041.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01041.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01042.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01044.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01044.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01044.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01045.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01046.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01048.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01048.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01048.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01049.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01050.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01053.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01053.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01054.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01057.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01057.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01058.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01060.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01060.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01060.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01061.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01061.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01062.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01065.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01065.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01066.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01068.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01068.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01068.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01069.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01070.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01072.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01072.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01072.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01073.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01074.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01076.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01076.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01076.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01077.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01077.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01078.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01080.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01080.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01080.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01081.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01081.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01082.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01084.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01084.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01084.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01085.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01085.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01086.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01089.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01089.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01092.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01092.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01092.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01093.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01094.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01096.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01096.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01096.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01097.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01097.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01098.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01100.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01100.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01100.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01101.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01101.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01102.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01104.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01104.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01104.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01105.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01105.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01106.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01108.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01108.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01108.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01109.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01109.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01110.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01113.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01113.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01114.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01116.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01116.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01116.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01117.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01117.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01118.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01120.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01120.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01120.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01121.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01121.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01122.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01124.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01124.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01124.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01125.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01125.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01126.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01129.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01129.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01130.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01133.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01133.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01134.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01137.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01137.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01138.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01140.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01140.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01140.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01141.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01141.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01142.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01144.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01144.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01144.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01145.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01145.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01146.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01148.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01148.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01148.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01149.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01149.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01150.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01152.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01152.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01152.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01153.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01153.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01154.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01156.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01156.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01156.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01157.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01157.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01158.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01160.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01160.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01160.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01161.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01161.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01162.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01164.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01164.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01164.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01165.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01165.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01166.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01168.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01168.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01168.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01169.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01169.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01170.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01172.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01172.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01172.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01173.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01173.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01174.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01176.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01176.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01176.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01177.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01177.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01178.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01180.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01180.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01180.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01181.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01181.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01182.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01184.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01184.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01184.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01185.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01185.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01186.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01188.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01188.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01188.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01189.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01189.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01190.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01192.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01192.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01192.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01193.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01193.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01194.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01197.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01197.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01198.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01200.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01200.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01200.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01201.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01201.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01202.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01204.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01204.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01204.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01205.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01205.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01206.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01208.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01208.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01208.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01209.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01209.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01210.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01212.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01212.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01212.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01213.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01213.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01214.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01216.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01216.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01216.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01217.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01217.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01218.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01220.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01220.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01220.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01221.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01221.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01222.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01225.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01225.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01226.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01228.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01228.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01228.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01229.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01230.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01232.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01232.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01232.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01233.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01233.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01234.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01236.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01236.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01236.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01237.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01238.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01240.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01240.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01240.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01241.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01241.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01242.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01244.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01244.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01244.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01245.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01245.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01246.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01248.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01248.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01248.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01249.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01249.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01250.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01252.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01252.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01252.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01253.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01253.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01254.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01256.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01256.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01256.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01257.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01257.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01258.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01261.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01261.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01262.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01264.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01264.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01264.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01265.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01265.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01266.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01269.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01269.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01270.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01272.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01272.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01272.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01273.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01274.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01276.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01276.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01276.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01277.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01277.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01278.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01281.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01281.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01282.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01284.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01284.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01284.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01285.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01285.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01286.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01288.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01288.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01288.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01289.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01289.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01290.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01292.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01292.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01292.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01293.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01293.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01294.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01296.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01296.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01296.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01297.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01297.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01298.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01300.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01300.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01300.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01301.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01302.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01304.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01304.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01304.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01305.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01305.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01306.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01308.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01308.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01308.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01309.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01310.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01312.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01312.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01312.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01313.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01313.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01314.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01316.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01316.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01316.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01317.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01317.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01318.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01320.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01320.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01320.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01321.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01321.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01322.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01324.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01324.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01324.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01325.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01325.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01326.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01328.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01328.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01328.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01329.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01329.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01330.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01332.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01332.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01332.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01333.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01333.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01334.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01337.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01337.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01338.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01340.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01340.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01340.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01341.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01342.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01345.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01345.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01346.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01349.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01349.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01350.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01352.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01352.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01352.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01353.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01353.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01354.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01356.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01356.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01356.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01357.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01358.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01360.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01360.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01360.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01361.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01361.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01362.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01364.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01364.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01364.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01365.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01365.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01366.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01368.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01368.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01368.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01369.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01369.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01370.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01372.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01372.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01372.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01373.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01373.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01374.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01376.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01376.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01376.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01377.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01377.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01378.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01380.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01380.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01380.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01381.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01381.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01382.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01384.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01384.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01384.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01385.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01385.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01386.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01388.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01388.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01388.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01389.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01389.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01390.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01392.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01392.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01392.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01393.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01393.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01397.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01398.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01401.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01401.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01402.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01405.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01405.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01406.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01408.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01408.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01408.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01409.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01409.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01410.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01412.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01412.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01412.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01413.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01413.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01414.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01416.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01416.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01416.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01417.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01417.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01418.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01420.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01420.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01420.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01421.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01421.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01422.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01424.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01424.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01424.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01425.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01425.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01426.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01428.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01428.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01428.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01429.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01429.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01430.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01432.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01432.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01432.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01433.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01433.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01434.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01436.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01436.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01436.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01437.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01437.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01438.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01441.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01441.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01442.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01444.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01444.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01444.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01445.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01446.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01448.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01448.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01448.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01449.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01452.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01452.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01452.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01453.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01454.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01456.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01456.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01456.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01457.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01457.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01458.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01460.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01460.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01460.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01461.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01461.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01462.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01464.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01464.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01464.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01465.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01465.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01466.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01469.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01469.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01470.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01472.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01472.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01472.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01473.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01473.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01474.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01476.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01476.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01476.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01477.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01477.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01478.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01480.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01480.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01480.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01481.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01481.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01482.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01484.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01484.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01484.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01485.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01485.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01486.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01488.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01488.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01488.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01489.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01489.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01490.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01493.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01493.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01494.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01496.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01496.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01496.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01497.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01500.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01500.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01500.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01501.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01502.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01504.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01504.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01504.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01505.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01506.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01509.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01509.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01510.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01512.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01512.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01512.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01513.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01513.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01514.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01516.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01516.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01516.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01517.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01517.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01518.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01520.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01520.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01520.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01521.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01521.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01522.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01524.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01524.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01524.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01525.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01525.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01526.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01528.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01528.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01528.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01529.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01529.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01530.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01532.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01532.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01532.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01533.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01533.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01534.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01536.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01536.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01536.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01537.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01538.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01540.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01540.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01540.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01541.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01541.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01542.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01544.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01544.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01544.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01545.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01545.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01546.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01549.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01549.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01550.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01552.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01552.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01552.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01553.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01553.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01554.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01557.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01557.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01558.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01561.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01561.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01562.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01564.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01564.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01564.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01565.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01565.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01566.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01568.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01568.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01568.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01569.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01569.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01570.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01572.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01572.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01572.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01573.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01574.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01576.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01576.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01576.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01577.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01577.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01578.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01580.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01580.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01580.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01581.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01581.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01582.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01584.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01584.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01584.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01585.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01585.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01586.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01589.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01589.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01590.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01593.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01593.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01594.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01596.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01596.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01596.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01597.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01598.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01600.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01600.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01600.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01601.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01602.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01604.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01604.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01604.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01605.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01605.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01606.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01608.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01608.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01608.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01609.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01609.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01610.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01612.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01612.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01612.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01613.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01613.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01614.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01617.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01617.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01618.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01620.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01620.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01620.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01621.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01622.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01624.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01624.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01624.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01625.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01625.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01626.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01628.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01628.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01628.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01629.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01629.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01630.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01632.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01632.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01632.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01633.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01633.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01634.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01637.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01637.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01638.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01640.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01640.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01640.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01641.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01642.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01644.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01644.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01644.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01645.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01645.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01646.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01648.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01648.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01648.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01649.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01649.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01650.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01652.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01652.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01652.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01653.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01653.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01654.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01657.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01657.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01658.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01660.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01660.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01660.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01661.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01661.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01662.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01664.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01664.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01664.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01665.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01665.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01666.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01668.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01668.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01668.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01669.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01669.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01670.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01672.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01672.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01672.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01673.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01673.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01674.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01677.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01677.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01678.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01680.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01680.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01680.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01681.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01681.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01682.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01684.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01684.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01684.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01685.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01685.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01686.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01689.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01689.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01692.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01692.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01692.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01693.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01694.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01696.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01696.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01696.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01697.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01697.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01698.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01701.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01701.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01705.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01706.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01709.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01709.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01710.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01713.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01713.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01714.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01717.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01717.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01718.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01721.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01721.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01722.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01725.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01725.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01726.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01729.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01729.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01730.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01733.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01733.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01734.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01737.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01737.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01738.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01741.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01741.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01742.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01745.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01745.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01746.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01748.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01748.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01748.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01749.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01749.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01750.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01753.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01753.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01754.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01757.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01757.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01758.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01760.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01760.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01760.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01761.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01761.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01762.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01764.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01764.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01764.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01765.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01765.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01766.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01769.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01769.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01770.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01773.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01773.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01776.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01776.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01776.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01777.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01778.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01781.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01781.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01782.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01784.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01784.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01784.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01785.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01785.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01786.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01788.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01788.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01788.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01789.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01789.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01790.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01793.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01793.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01794.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01796.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01796.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01796.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01797.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01797.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01798.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01801.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01801.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01802.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01805.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01805.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01806.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01809.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01809.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01810.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01813.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01813.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01814.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01817.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01817.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01820.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01820.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01820.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01821.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01822.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01824.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01824.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01824.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01825.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01825.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01826.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01829.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01829.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01830.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01833.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01833.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01834.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01837.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01837.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01838.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01841.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01841.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01842.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01844.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01844.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01844.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01845.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01845.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01846.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01848.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01848.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01848.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01849.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01849.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01850.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01852.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01852.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01852.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01853.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01854.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01856.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01856.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01856.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01857.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01857.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01858.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01860.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01860.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01860.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01861.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01862.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01864.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01864.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01864.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01865.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01865.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01866.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01868.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01868.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01868.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01869.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01869.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01870.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01872.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01872.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01872.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01873.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01873.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01874.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01876.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01876.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01876.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01877.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01877.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01878.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01880.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01880.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01880.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01881.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01881.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01882.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01884.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01884.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01884.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01885.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01885.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01888.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01888.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01888.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01889.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01890.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01892.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01892.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01892.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01893.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01893.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01894.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01896.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01896.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01896.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01897.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01897.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01898.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01900.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01900.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01900.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01901.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01901.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01904.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01904.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01904.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01905.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01906.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01908.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01908.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01908.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01909.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01909.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01910.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01912.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01912.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01912.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01913.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01913.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01916.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01916.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01916.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01917.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01918.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01920.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01920.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01920.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01921.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01921.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01922.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01924.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01924.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01924.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01925.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01925.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01926.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01928.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01928.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01928.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01929.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01929.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01930.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01932.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01932.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01932.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01933.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01933.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01934.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01936.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01936.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01936.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01937.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01938.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01940.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01940.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01940.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01941.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01941.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01942.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01944.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01944.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01944.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01945.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01945.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01946.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01948.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01948.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01948.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01949.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01949.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01950.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01952.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01952.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01952.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01953.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01953.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01954.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01956.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01956.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01956.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01957.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01957.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01958.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01960.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01960.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01960.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01961.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/a01961.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/annotated.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/annotated_dup.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/bc_s.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/bdwn.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/bitwig.css
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/classes.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/closed.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_0d76a01456a9d2d26bd2ef87fa9608b6.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_17821583e79847578f45477a3128c495.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_31ed4f607ee06dd388c056e7fd4754f6.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_497fc99cc96eaa6f392aef6e2051f118.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_547b97ba8ff60d4334780bb9946d400b.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_5881f5b97fe4e6ecc399cea06a0ba27a.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_5eb159725f84c66aafd839904a4acdd0.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_68267d1309a1af8e8297ef4c3efbcdba.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_84481067a0a61c022af2f566b3ad662a.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_84f677ba289232e85cd7af2bea85dfbc.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_8f929f79ed52958243cfb6b957b69b13.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_b811c23be8fe9385bba27483bd13773e.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_d8517d8b842053dc3dd7dde525dd9163.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dir_fd3f6763802dee1ad875f6c80eac0bda.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/doc.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/doxygen.css
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/doxygen.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/dynsections.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/folderclosed.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/folderopen.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_b.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_c.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_d.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_dup.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_e.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_f.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_b.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_c.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_d.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_e.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_f.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_g.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_h.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_i.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_j.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_l.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_m.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_n.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_o.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_p.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_q.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_r.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_s.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_t.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_u.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_v.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_w.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_x.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_y.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_func_z.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_g.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_h.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_i.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_j.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_l.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_m.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_n.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_o.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_p.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_q.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_r.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_s.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_t.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_u.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_v.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_vars.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_w.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_x.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_y.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/functions_z.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/graph_legend.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/graph_legend.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/graph_legend.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/hierarchy.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/hierarchy.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/index.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_0.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_0.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_0.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_1.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_1.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_1.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_10.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_10.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_10.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_100.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_100.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_100.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_101.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_101.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_101.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_102.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_102.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_102.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_103.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_103.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_103.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_104.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_104.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_104.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_105.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_105.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_105.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_106.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_106.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_106.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_107.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_107.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_107.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_108.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_108.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_108.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_109.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_109.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_109.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_11.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_11.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_11.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_110.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_110.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_110.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_111.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_111.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_111.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_112.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_112.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_112.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_113.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_113.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_113.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_114.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_114.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_114.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_115.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_115.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_115.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_116.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_116.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_116.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_117.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_117.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_117.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_12.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_12.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_12.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_13.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_13.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_13.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_14.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_14.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_14.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_15.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_15.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_15.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_16.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_16.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_16.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_17.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_17.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_17.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_18.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_18.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_18.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_19.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_19.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_19.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_2.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_2.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_2.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_20.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_20.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_20.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_21.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_21.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_21.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_22.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_22.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_22.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_23.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_23.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_23.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_24.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_24.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_24.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_25.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_25.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_25.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_26.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_26.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_26.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_27.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_27.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_27.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_28.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_28.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_28.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_29.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_29.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_29.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_3.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_3.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_3.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_30.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_30.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_30.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_31.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_31.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_31.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_32.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_32.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_32.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_33.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_33.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_33.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_34.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_34.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_34.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_35.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_35.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_35.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_36.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_36.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_36.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_37.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_37.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_37.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_38.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_38.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_38.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_39.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_39.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_39.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_4.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_4.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_4.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_40.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_40.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_40.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_41.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_41.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_41.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_42.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_42.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_42.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_43.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_43.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_43.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_44.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_44.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_44.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_45.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_45.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_45.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_46.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_46.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_46.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_47.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_47.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_47.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_48.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_48.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_48.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_49.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_49.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_49.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_5.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_5.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_5.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_50.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_50.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_50.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_51.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_51.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_51.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_52.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_52.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_52.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_53.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_53.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_53.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_54.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_54.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_54.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_55.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_55.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_55.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_56.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_56.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_56.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_57.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_57.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_57.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_58.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_58.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_58.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_59.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_59.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_59.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_6.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_6.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_6.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_60.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_60.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_60.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_61.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_61.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_61.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_62.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_62.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_62.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_63.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_63.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_63.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_64.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_64.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_64.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_65.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_65.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_65.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_66.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_66.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_66.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_67.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_67.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_67.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_68.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_68.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_68.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_69.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_69.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_69.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_7.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_7.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_7.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_70.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_70.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_70.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_71.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_71.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_71.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_72.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_72.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_72.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_73.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_73.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_73.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_74.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_74.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_74.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_75.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_75.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_75.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_76.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_76.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_76.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_77.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_77.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_77.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_78.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_78.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_78.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_79.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_79.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_79.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_8.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_8.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_8.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_80.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_80.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_80.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_81.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_81.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_81.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_82.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_82.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_82.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_83.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_83.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_83.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_84.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_84.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_84.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_85.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_85.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_85.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_86.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_86.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_86.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_87.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_87.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_87.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_88.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_88.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_88.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_89.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_89.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_89.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_9.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_9.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_9.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_90.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_90.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_90.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_91.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_91.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_91.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_92.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_92.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_92.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_93.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_93.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_93.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_94.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_94.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_94.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_95.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_95.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_95.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_96.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_96.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_96.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_97.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_97.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_97.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_98.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_98.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_98.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_99.map
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_99.md5
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherit_graph_99.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/inherits.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/jquery.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/menu.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/menudata.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/nav_f.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/nav_g.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/nav_h.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtree.css
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtree.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreedata.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreeindex0.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreeindex1.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreeindex2.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreeindex3.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreeindex4.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreeindex5.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreeindex6.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreeindex7.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/navtreeindex8.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/open.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/pages.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/resize.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_0.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_0.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_1.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_1.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_10.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_10.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_11.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_11.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_12.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_12.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_13.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_13.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_14.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_14.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_15.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_15.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_16.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_16.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_17.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_17.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_18.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_18.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_2.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_3.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_3.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_4.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_4.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_5.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_5.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_6.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_6.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_7.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_7.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_8.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_8.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_9.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_9.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_a.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_a.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_b.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_b.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_c.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_c.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_d.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_d.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_e.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_e.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_f.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/all_f.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_0.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_0.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_1.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_1.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_10.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_10.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_11.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_11.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_12.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_12.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_2.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_3.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_3.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_4.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_4.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_5.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_5.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_6.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_6.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_7.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_7.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_8.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_8.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_9.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_9.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_a.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_a.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_b.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_b.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_c.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_c.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_d.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_d.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_e.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_e.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_f.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/classes_f.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/close.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_0.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_0.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_1.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_1.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_10.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_10.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_11.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_11.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_12.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_12.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_13.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_13.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_14.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_14.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_15.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_15.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_16.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_16.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_17.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_17.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_18.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_18.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_2.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_3.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_3.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_4.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_4.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_5.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_5.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_6.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_6.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_7.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_7.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_8.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_8.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_9.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_9.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_a.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_a.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_b.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_b.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_c.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_c.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_d.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_d.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_e.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_e.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_f.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/functions_f.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/mag_sel.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/nomatches.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/pages_0.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/pages_0.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/pages_1.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/pages_1.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/search.css
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/search.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/search_l.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/search_m.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/search_r.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/searchdata.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_0.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_0.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_1.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_1.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_2.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_2.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_3.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_3.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_4.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/search/variables_4.js
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/splitbar.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/sync_off.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/sync_on.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/tab_a.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/tab_b.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/tab_h.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/tab_s.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/control-surface/api/tabs.css
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/doc.json
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/API Reference.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/Manual DE.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/Manual FR.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/Manual JP.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/Manual UK.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/bitwig-inverted.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/bitwig.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/legal.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/images/midi.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/legal.html
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/APL 1.1.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/APL 2.0 with LLVM classpath exception.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/APL 2.0.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/BSD-Clause 3.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/BSD.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Boost 1.0.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/CDDL 1.0.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/CPL 1.0.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Classworlds v1.1.1.1.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Colt License Agreement.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom LWJGL License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom PFFFT License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom bzip2 License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom libX11 License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom libXau License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom libXcursor License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom libXdmcp License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom libpng License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom libxcb License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom libxkbcommon License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom libxkbcommon-x11 License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom xcb-util License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom xcb-util-wm License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Custom zlib License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/EDL 1.0.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/EPL 1.0.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/FTL.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/GPL 2.0.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/GPl 2.0 with classpath exception.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Grepcode.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Indiana University Extreme! Lab Software License v1.1.1.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/JSON License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Jdom 1.11.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/LGPL 2.1.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/LGPL 3.0.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/MIT.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/MPL 1.1.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Oracle Binary Code License Agreement for the Java SE Platform Products and JavaFX.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Oracle Binary Code License Agreement.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/UPL 1.0.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/Unicode, ICU.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/doc/licenses/ZLIB.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/CPMono_v07_Plain.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/CPMono_v07_Plain.otf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/LICENSE.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Italic.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Italic.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Light.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Light.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Medium.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Medium.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Semibold.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Lato-Semibold.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/Liquitype Creative Commons License.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansArabic-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansArabic-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansArmenian-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansArmenian-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansBengali-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansBengali-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansCJKjp-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansCJKjp-Regular.otf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansCham-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansCham-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansCherokee-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansCherokee-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansDevanagari-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansGeorgian-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansGeorgian-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansGurmukhi-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansHebrew-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansJP-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansJP-Regular.otf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansKR-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansKR-Regular.otf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansLao-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansLao-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansRunic-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansRunic-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansSC-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansSC-Regular.otf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansTamil-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansTamil-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansTelugu-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansTelugu-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansThai-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/NotoSansThai-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/OFL.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/SourceCodePro-Regular.codepoints
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/fonts/SourceCodePro-Regular.ttf
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/8th note.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/ableton_link.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/abort_automation_override.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/add_to_library.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/bounce.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/bounce_in_place.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/check_for_updates.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/clear_note_expressions.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/clip_subpanel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/close.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/collect_and_save.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/commander.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/controller_console.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/convert_to_audio_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/convert_to_hybrid_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/convert_to_instrument_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/convert_to_time_selection.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/create_audio_lane.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/create_audio_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/create_group_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/create_instrument_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/create_return_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/create_scene.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/create_scene_from_playing.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/create_subpanel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/distribute_keys.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/distribute_select.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/distribute_velocity.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/double_content.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/double_each_tempo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/double_tempo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/dsp_performance_graph.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/duplicate_time.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/edit_subpanel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/expand.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/export_audio.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/export_midi.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/export_project.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/fades_auto.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/fades_auto_cross.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/fades_reset.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/fades_subpanel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/freeze.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/half_each_tempo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/half_tempo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/help.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/increase_gain_1db.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/increase_gain_6db.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/insert_cue_marker_here.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/insert_silence.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/join.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/legato.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/load_default_preset.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/loop_selection.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/multiplex.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/new.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/new_from_template.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/note_subpanel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/octave_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/octave_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/open.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/package_manager.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/quantize.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/quantize_length.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/quantize_settings.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/quit.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/reduce_gain_1db.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/reduce_gain_6db.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/remove_time.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/rename.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/reverse.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/reverse_pattern.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/save.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/save_as.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/save_as_template.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/save_default_preset.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/scale_time.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/select_all.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/semitone_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/semitone_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/settings_subpanel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/setup.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/show_dashboard.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/slice_at_repeats.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/slice_to_drum_machine.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/slice_to_multisample.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/slide_content_step_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/slide_content_step_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/slide_to_next_onset.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/slide_to_previous_onset.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/split.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/split_at_onsets.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/time_subpanel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/toggle_activated.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/unfreeze.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/unselect_all.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/unstretch.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/action/upgrade_to_full.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/activated.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/add.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/add_device.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/add_device_from_favorites.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/add_friend.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/add_serial.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/add_to_library.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/add_to_library2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/addon.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/alert.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/anticlick_fade_in.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/anticlick_fade_out.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/bitwig-16-track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/bitwig-8-track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/bitwig.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/license_version_11.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/license_version_14.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/license_version_15.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/license_version_16.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/license_version_4.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/license_version_7.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/application/trial.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/arranger.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/arranger_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/arranger_track_height.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/assign_mappings_mode.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_playback/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_playback/grain_size_large.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_playback/grain_size_normal.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_playback/grain_size_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_playback/preserve_onset_hard.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_playback/preserve_onset_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_playback/preserve_onset_soft.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audio_track_browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/audition.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_add.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_all_lanes.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_delete.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_follow.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_free.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_pin.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_show_all_lanes.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_show_starred_lanes.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_star.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_type/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_type/add_modulation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_type/clip_automation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_type/empty_add_modulation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_type/empty_clip_automation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_type/empty_multiply_modulation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_type/multiply_modulation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_type/track_automation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_write.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/automation_write_clip_launcher.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/autoupdate.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/big_add.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/big_arrow_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/big_arrow_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/bipolar.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/bitwig-reduced.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/bitwig-small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/bitwig.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/bitwig_menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/bitwig_menu_hover.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/MIDI_file.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/all.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/all_clips.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/all_devices.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/all_multisamples.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/all_music.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/all_presets.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/all_samples.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/any.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/audio_clip.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/audio_file.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_status_indication.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_status_no_indication.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_clips.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_configuration.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_device_and_presets.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_devices.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_files.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_impulses.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_modulators.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_modules.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_multi-samples.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_music.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_presets.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_samples.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/browser_tab_wavetables.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/category.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/computer.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/creator.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_analysis.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_analysis_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_analysis_clap_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_analysis_clap_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_clap_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_clap_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_grid.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_mask.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_vst2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_vst2_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_vst2_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_vst3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_vst3_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_audio_vst3_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_bitwig.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_clap_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_clap_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_container.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_drum_machine.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_drum_module.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_generic.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_generic_mask.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_clap_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_clap_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_grid.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_mask.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_vst2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_vst2_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_vst2_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_vst3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_vst3_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_instrument_vst3_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_io.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_clap_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_clap_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_detector.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_grid.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_mask.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_vst2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_vst2_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_vst2_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_vst3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_vst3_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_note_vst3_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_analysis_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_audio.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_audio_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_audio_grid.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_audio_vst2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_audio_vst3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_bitwig.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_container.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_drum_machine.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_drum_module.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_generic.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_instrument.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_instrument_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_instrument_grid.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_instrument_vst2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_instrument_vst3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_note.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_note_clap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_note_grid.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_note_vst2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_note_vst3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_vst2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_preset_vst3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_type.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_vst2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_vst2_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_vst2_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_vst3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_vst3_32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/device_vst3_64.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/document.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/document_disabled.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/factory_library.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/favorite_folder_closed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/favorites_collection.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/file_type.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/folder_closed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/hard_disk.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/home.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/importer_clip.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/impulse_file.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/libraries.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/libraries_music.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/libraries_plugins.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/library_content.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/library_music.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/library_plugins.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/location.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/modulator_chaos.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/modulator_control.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/modulator_envelope.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/modulator_lfo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/modulator_midi.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/modulator_monophonic.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/modulator_polyphonic.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/modulator_sidechain.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/module.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/multisample.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/music.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/named_filters.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/note_clip.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/packs_browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/scale.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/scene.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/sfz.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/smart_collection.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/soundfont_patch.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/tag.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/tags.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/template.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/u-he-preset.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/unknown_file.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/upgrade_to_full.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/user_collection.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/user_library.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser/wavetable.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/browser_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/buildin_modulations_tab.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/bypass_assertions.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/cart.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/category.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/chain_drum.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/chain_output.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/chain_output_horizontal.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/channel_pencil.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/channel_pencil_dropdown.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/chat_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/check.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/check_menu_item_mixed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/check_menu_item_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/check_menu_item_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/checkbox_mixed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/checkbox_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/checkbox_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/clear_arm.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/clear_automation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/clear_mute.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/clear_search.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/clear_solo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/close.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/close_application.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/close_dashboard.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/cmd.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/color_picker.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/color_picker_chosen.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/color_picker_default.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/color_picker_image.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/color_picker_inherit.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/color_picker_rainbow.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/compacted_menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/compile.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/abs.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/add.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/delay_compensation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/divide.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/equals.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/fct.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/multiply.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/reciprocal.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/component/subtract.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/computer_keyboard_toggle.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/connected_to_doc.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/connected_user.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/console.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/context_menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/controller_keyboard.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/controller_notification.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/controller_takeover.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/controllers.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/copy.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/cpu_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/cpu_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/creator.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/crossfade.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/crossfade_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/ctrl.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/cue.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/cue_marker_section.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/cue_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/cursor_clip_header.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/cut.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/dashboard.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/deactivated.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/debug_menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/delete.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/detail_edit_source_cursor.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/detail_editor_clip_mode.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/detail_editor_track_mode.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/5d_glide.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/5d_lift.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/5d_press.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/5d_slide.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/5d_strike.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/RAM.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/Stack.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/add.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/adsr.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/allpass.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_converge_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_converge_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_diverge_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_diverge_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_down_then_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_down_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_pinky_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_pinky_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_poly.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_random.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_thumb_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_thumb_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_up_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arp_up_then_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arrow_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arrow_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arrow_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/arrow_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/asterix.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/audio.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/audio_hot.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/automation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/backward.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/bandpass.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/bandpass12.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/bell.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/bipolar-.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/bipolar.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/bitwig.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/bounds.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/brightness.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/bypass.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/chain.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/configure.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/cowbell.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/crossfade_a.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/crossfade_ab.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/crossfade_b.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/crossfeed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/crossover_freq.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/curve.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/cutoff.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/cycle-halfsine.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/cycle-pulse25.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/cycle-pulse50.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/cycle-saw-down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/cycle-saw-up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/cycle-sine.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/cycle-tri.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/delay.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/diametre.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/diffused.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/dimension_depth.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/dimension_height.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/dimension_width.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/dirac.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/divide.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/divide_long.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/ear.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/eg.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/envelope_analog.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/envelope_digital.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/envelope_relative.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/equals.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/fade_in.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/fade_out.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/fc.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/feedback.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/fermata.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/flux_capacitor.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/forbidden.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/forward.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/function_-abs.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/function_-max0.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/function_abs.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/function_bi2uni.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/function_max0.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/function_sin.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/function_uni2bi.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/gate.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/gate_device.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/gatemode-gate.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/gatemode-pulse.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/gatemode-trigger.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/groove.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/half_note.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/harmonics_allsvg.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/harmonics_even_odd.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/harmonics_odd.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/highcut.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/highpass12.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/highpass24.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/highshelf.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/history_graph.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/hplp_both.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/hplp_hp.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/hplp_lp.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/inverse_quadratic.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/jack.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/keytrack.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/keytrack_100.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/keytrack_200.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/keytrack_33.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/keytrack_66.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/keytrack_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/legato_glide.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/logicAND.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/logicNAND.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/logicNOR.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/logicNOT.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/logicOR.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/logicXNOR.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/logicXOR.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/loop.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/loop_crossfade.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/loop_end.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/loop_start.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/lowcut.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/lowpass12.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/lowpass24.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/lowshelf.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/map_modulation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/map_modulation_circle.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/map_modulation_header.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/map_modulation_vertical.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/midi.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/midi_large.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/monitor.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/mono.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/multiply.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/mute.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/not-equals.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/notch.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-1.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-16.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-16d.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-16t.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-1d.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-1t.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-2d.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-2t.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-32.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-32d.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-32t.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-4.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-4d.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-4t.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-8.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-8d.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-8t.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-hold.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-op-chance.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-op-occurrence.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-op-recurrence.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note-op-repeats.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note_16th.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note_32nd.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note_4th.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/note_8th.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/notes.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op0.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op1.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op4.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op5.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op6.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op7.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op8.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/op9.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/opN.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/opamp.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/p1.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/p2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/p3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/phase.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/phase_modulation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/ping R.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/ping-L.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pink-noise.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pipe-corner-1.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pipe-corner-3.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pipe-corner-7.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pipe-corner-9.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pipe-h-merge.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pipe-h-split.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pipe-h.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pipe-v.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/play_end.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/play_start.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/power_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/power_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/power_sleep.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/pressure.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/quadrants-1.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/quadrants-2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/quadrants-4.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/quantize_knob.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/ramp_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/ramp_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/random.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/random_large.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/rectify_full.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/rectify_half.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/rectify_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/resonance.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/retrigger.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/returns_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/rotation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sample-rate.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sample_and_hold.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sample_and_hold_negative_correlation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sample_and_hold_positive_correlation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sample_and_slide_cubic.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sample_and_slide_linear.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sampler_forward.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/scale_horizontal.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/scale_vertical.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/shape.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sidechain.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sine.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/single_trigger.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/snowflake.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/solo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/square.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/stereo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sub_sync.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/subtract.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/sync.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/temposync.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/time_beat.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/time_dotted.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/time_seconds.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/time_triplets.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/transport_play.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/transport_stop.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/triangle.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/triangle_fast.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/triangle_slow.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/trigger.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/trigger_device.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/trigger_gated.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/trigger_reset.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/trigger_reset_device.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/truncate_dither.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/truncate_error_diffusion.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/truncate_off_zero.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/truncate_on_zero.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/tune.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/unison.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/unit-bar.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/unit-hz.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/unit-khz.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/unit-m.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/unit-ms.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/unit-sec.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/update.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/velocity.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/velocity_device.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/warning_exclamation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/warning_triangle.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/white-noise.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device/zoom.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_deactivated.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_drop.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_edit.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_editor/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_editor/module_path_separator.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_modulators.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_processing.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_selected.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_sleeping.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_view_main_panel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/device_view_remote_controls.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/dock.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/document_settings_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/document_settings_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/down_19x19.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/download.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/dropdown_bottom_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/dropdown_large.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/drum_mute.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/drum_pads.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/drum_play.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/drum_solo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/drums_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/duplicate.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/edition/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/edition/upgrade-16-track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/edition/upgrade-8-track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/edition/upgrade-demo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/editor_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/empty_menu_item.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/enter_group.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/enum/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/enum/WavetablePhaseMode-Aligned.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/enum/WavetablePhaseMode-Diffused.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/enum/WavetablePhaseMode-Original.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/exit.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/exit_group.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/export/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/export/set_range_from.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expression_lane_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/chance.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/formant.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/gain.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/midi.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/onsets.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/pan.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/pressure.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/stretch.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/timbre.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/transpose.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/velocity.off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/velocity.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/expressions/waveform.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/extend_time_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/extend_time_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/extension.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/eye.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fade_length_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fade_length_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fades/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fades/s_curve_in.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fades/s_curve_out.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fades/sample_stop_fade_out.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fades/slope_in.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fades/slope_out.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/favorite_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/favorite_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/favorite_target_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/favorite_target_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/file.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fill.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/filter_accordion.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/find_file.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_arrow_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_arrow_down_big.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_arrow_down_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_arrow_left_big.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_arrow_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_arrow_right_big.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_arrow_right_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_arrow_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_arrow_up_big.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_triangle_down_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_triangle_right_empty.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fold_triangle_right_filled.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/folder_closed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/folder_open.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/folding_triangle_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/folding_triangle_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/folding_triangle_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/folding_triangle_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/follow_controller_scrolling.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/follow_key.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/follow_playback.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/free_run.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/fullscreen.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/go_to_parent.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/grid.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/groove.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/groove_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/group.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/group_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/group_track_master.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/group_track_open.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/halign_center.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/halign_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/halign_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/halign_spread.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/hamburger.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/help.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/help/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/help/user_guide.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/help/user_guide_jp.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/home.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/hotswap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/hour_glass.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/hybrid_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/hybrid_track_browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/inspector.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/inspector_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/instrument_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/instrument_track_browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/io_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/join.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/keytrack.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/launcher/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/launcher/play.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/launcher/record.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/launcher/return_to_arrangement.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/launcher/stop.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/launcher_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/layer_hidden.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/layer_locked.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/layer_shown.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/layer_unlocked.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/left_mouse.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/library.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/license_limit_warning.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/linked.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/list.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/list_19x19.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/list_expand_closed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/list_expand_open.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/logos/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/logos/Bitwig Studio 16-Track banner.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/logos/Bitwig Studio 8-Track banner.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/logos/Bitwig Studio Demo banner.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/logos/Bitwig Studio Internal banner.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/logos/Bitwig Studio banner.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/loop.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/loop_big.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/loop_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/macro_and_preset_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/macro_tab.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/macro_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/map_modulation.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/mappings_browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/mappings_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/master_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/master_track_browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/matrix.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/matrix_arrang_split.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/matrix_mixer_split.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/maximize.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/meter_label_dsp.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/meter_label_io.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/meters_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/metronome.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/middle_mouse.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/midi_in.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/midi_out.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/minimize.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/minimize_popup.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/minus.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/mixer.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/mixer_output_channels.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/mixer_section.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/mixer_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/mixer_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/modulation_destinations_tab.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/modulation_list_source.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/modulation_list_target.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/modulation_target.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/modulator_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/modulator_view_empty.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/monitor_armed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/monitor_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/monitor_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/more.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/move.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/move_subdevices.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/multi_clip_header.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/multi_layer.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/multisample_big.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/multiselection_dot.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/multiselection_pencil.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/mute.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/mute_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/newdoc.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/always.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/fill.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/first.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/not-fill.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/not-first.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/not-previous-channel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/not-previous-key.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/not-previous.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/previous-channel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/previous-key.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note-operator/previous.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note_channels.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note_editor.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note_expression_editing.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note_lane_resize.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/note_parameter.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/notes_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/notifications/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/notifications/error.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/notifications/indicator.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/notifications/indicator_empty.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/notifications/indicator_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/notifications/info.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/notifications/notification_bubble.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/notifications/warning.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/online_status.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard_drums.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard_fourths.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard_guitar_high.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard_guitar_low.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard_guitar_medium.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard_octave_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard_octave_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard_octaves.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/onscreen_keyboard_piano.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/open.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/option.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/overdub.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/overdub_clip_launcher.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/bajaao.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/beatport_sounds.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/bitwig.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/bitwig_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/capsun_proaudio.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/claude_young.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/claude_young_large.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/cristian_vogel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/earth_moments.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/fingalick.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/irrupt.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/jomox.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/livid_instruments.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/orchestral_tools.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/orchestral_tools_large.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/overlay_installed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/overlay_update.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/polarity.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/prime_loops.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/raw_cutz.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/sample_magic.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/the_loop_loft.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/unknown.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/wave_alchemy.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/packs/wave_alchemy_large.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_expression.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Axes.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Bars.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Boolean Observer.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Bools.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Border.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Box.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Button Group.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/ChainSelector.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Clickable.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Coloriding.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/ComponentDisplay.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/ConvolutionReverb.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Curve.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Display.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/EqPoint.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Function.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Gap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Gradient.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Grid.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Group.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Image.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Int Observer.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Knob.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/LED.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Label.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/LightweightOscilloscope.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Line-Painter.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Line.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Map Source.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Menu Action.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Menu Separator.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Menu Title.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Menu Toggle.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Meter.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/ModuleSlot.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Modules.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Navigator.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Number Field.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Oscilloscope.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Pitches.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Point.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Polyphonic Observer.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Popup Panel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Popup.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Port.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Proxy.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/SamplerDisplay.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Scale.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Scope Observer.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Slider.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Sonogram.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Spectrum.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Spinning Wheel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Stack.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Text Field.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Text.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Toggle.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Trigger.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Vertical Box.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Wavetable.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/panel_items/Widget.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/parent_groups.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/paste.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/pencil.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/perform/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/perform/browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/piano_roll.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/pin.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/pin2.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/pin_category.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/pin_creator.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/pin_device.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/play.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/play_arrangement.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/plugin_multiple_outputs.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/plugin_parameters.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/plugin_program_list.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/plugin_single_output.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/plugin_window.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/plus.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/popup_arrow.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/popup_arrow_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/popup_menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/preferences/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/preferences/audio_device.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/preferences/audio_device_disabled.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/preferences/audio_device_not_present.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/preferences/audio_device_unplugged.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/preset_category.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/preset_popup_arrow.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/preview_follows_selection.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/project_menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/promote_take_lane.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/punch_in.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/punch_out.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/quantize.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/radio_menu_item_mixed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/radio_menu_item_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/radio_menu_item_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/raw_legato.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/record.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/record_arm.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/record_arm_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/record_as_takes.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/record_on_scene_launch.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/redo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/refresh.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/remote_control.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/remote_control_device_page.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/remote_control_preset_page.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/remote_controls.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/remote_controls_primary.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/reset_zoom.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/restore.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/return_to_arrangement.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/return_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/return_track_browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/returns_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/routing_audio.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/routing_chain.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/routing_chains.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/routing_device_chain.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/routing_group_color.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/routing_midi.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/routing_none.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/routing_notes.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/sampler_loop_off.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/sampler_loop_on.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/sampler_loop_pingpong.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/sampler_reverse.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/scroll_arrow_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/scroll_arrow_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/scroll_arrow_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/scroll_arrow_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/scrollbar.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/search.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/search_add.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/search_dropdown.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/send_auto.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/send_post.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/send_pre.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/sends_section_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/settings.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/settings_hide.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/settings_show.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/shift.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/show_clip_launcher_frame.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/show_grid.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/snap_settings/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/snap_settings/snap.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/snap_settings/snap_absolute.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/snap_settings/snap_absolute_and_relative.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/snap_settings/snap_adaptive.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/snap_settings/snap_relative.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/snap_settings/snap_to_objects.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/snap_settings/snap_vertical.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/solo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/solo_small.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/song_panel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/speaker.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/split.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/stepper_arrow_down.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/stepper_arrow_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/stepper_arrow_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/stepper_arrow_up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/stop.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/studio_out_headphone.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/studio_out_speaker.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/studio_panel.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/sub_menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/sub_menu_arrow.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tag.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/takes.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/target.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/test/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/test/test_failed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/test/test_passed.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/test/test_pending.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/test/test_running.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/timeline_toolbar.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tools/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tools/curve.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tools/eraser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tools/fader.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tools/knife.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tools/node.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tools/pencil.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tools/pointer.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tools/time_selection.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tooltips/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/tooltips/welcome-studio.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/add_audio_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/add_instrument_track.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/browse.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/browse_favorites.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/clip_extend.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/clip_extend_loop.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/extend_left.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/extend_right.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/move.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/select.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/start_drag.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/velocity.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/touch/volume.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/track_group_browser.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/track_list.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/1-abs.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/abs.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/cubic-root.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/cubic.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/gtz+.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/gtz-.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/inv-abs.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/inv-lin.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/lin.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/linear.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/ltz-.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/ltz.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/rect-neg.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transfer/rect-pos.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transport_beat_time.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transport_clock_time.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transport_midi_slave.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transport_play.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transport_record.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transport_settings.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/transport_stop.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/undo.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/undock.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/ungroup.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/up.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/usb.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/user.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/user_grey.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/users.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/valign_bottom.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/valign_center.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/valign_spread.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/valign_top.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/view_menu.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/warning.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/window/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/window/test_runner.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/window/widget_debugger.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/wizard_finish.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/wizard_next_page.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/wizard_prev_page.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/wrench.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/xy_controls_view.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/zone_list.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/zone_map.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/zoom_in.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/icons/zoom_out.svg
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Bitwig Studio-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Bitwig Studio-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Bitwig Studio-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Bitwig Studio-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Bitwig Studio-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Categories-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Categories-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Categories-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Categories-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Categories-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Device-descriptions-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Device-descriptions-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Device-descriptions-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Device-descriptions-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Device-descriptions-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Devices-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Devices-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Devices-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Devices-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Devices-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/GUIApplication-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/GUIApplication-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/GUIApplication-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/GUIApplication-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/GUIApplication-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulator-descriptions-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulator-descriptions-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulator-descriptions-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulator-descriptions-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulator-descriptions-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulators-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulators-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulators-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulators-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modulators-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Module-descriptions-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Module-descriptions-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Module-descriptions-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Module-descriptions-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Module-descriptions-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modules-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modules-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modules-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modules-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Modules-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Project-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Project-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Project-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Project-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Project-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Tags-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Tags-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Tags-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Tags-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/Tags-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/build.gradle
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/base_widgets-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/base_widgets-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/base_widgets-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/base_widgets-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/base_widgets-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/button_widgets-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/button_widgets-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/button_widgets-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/button_widgets-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/button_widgets-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/control_surface_editor-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_common_atoms-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_common_atoms-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_common_atoms-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_common_atoms-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_common_atoms-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core_enums-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core_enums-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core_enums-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core_enums-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_core_enums-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_library-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_library-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_library-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_library-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_library-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_package_manager-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_package_manager-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_package_manager-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_package_manager-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_package_manager-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_preferences-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_preferences-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_preferences-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_preferences-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_preferences-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_profile-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_profile-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_profile-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_profile-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_profile-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_widgets-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_widgets-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_widgets-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_widgets-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/float_widgets-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/gui_preferences-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/gui_preferences-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/gui_preferences-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/gui_preferences-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/gui_preferences-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/menu_widgets-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/menu_widgets-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/menu_widgets-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/menu_widgets-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/menu_widgets-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/metadata-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/metadata-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/metadata-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/metadata-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/metadata-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/nitro_cache-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/nitro_cache-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/nitro_cache-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/nitro_cache-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/nitro_cache-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/scroller_widgets-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/scroller_widgets-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/scroller_widgets-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/scroller_widgets-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/scroller_widgets-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/splitter_widget-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/splitter_widget-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/splitter_widget-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/splitter_widget-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/splitter_widget-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/structure_widgets-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/structure_widgets-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/structure_widgets-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/structure_widgets-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/structure_widgets-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_demo_document-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_demo_document-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_demo_document-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_demo_document-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_demo_document-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_theme-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_theme-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_theme-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_theme-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/model/widget_theme-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/pom.xml
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-activation-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-activation-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-activation-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-activation-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-activation-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-control-surface-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-control-surface-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-control-surface-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-control-surface-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-control-surface-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-download-manager-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-download-manager-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-download-manager-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-download-manager-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-download-manager-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-extensions-core-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-extensions-core-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-extensions-core-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-extensions-core-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-extensions-core-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-localization-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-localization-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-localization-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-localization-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-localization-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-sound-file-utils-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-sound-file-utils-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-sound-file-utils-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-sound-file-utils-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-sound-file-utils-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-vfs-cache-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-vfs-cache-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-vfs-cache-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-vfs-cache-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/base-vfs-cache-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-control-surface-editor-document-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-interface-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-interface-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-interface-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-interface-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-interface-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-master-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-master-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-master-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-master-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-document-master-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-gui-widgets-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-gui-widgets-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-gui-widgets-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-gui-widgets-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-gui-widgets-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-master-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-master-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-master-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-master-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-master-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-metadata-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-metadata-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-metadata-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-metadata-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-library-metadata-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-main-app-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-main-app-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-main-app-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-main-app-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-main-app-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-package-manager-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-package-manager-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-package-manager-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-package-manager-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-package-manager-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-sample-analysis-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-sample-analysis-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-sample-analysis-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-sample-analysis-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/float-sample-analysis-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/gui-toolkit-core-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/gui-toolkit-core-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/gui-toolkit-core-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/gui-toolkit-core-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/gui-toolkit-core-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/ramona-core-java-resources.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/ramona-core-java-resources_de.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/ramona-core-java-resources_fr.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/ramona-core-java-resources_ja.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/localization/projects/ramona-core-java-resources_zh.properties
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/splash-bitwig-16-track.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/splash-bitwig-16-track@2x.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/splash-bitwig-8-track.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/splash-bitwig-8-track@2x.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/splash-bitwig-studio.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/splash-bitwig-studio@2x.png
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/test-data-revision.txt
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/themes/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/themes/default.theme
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/usb/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/usb/Ableton/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/usb/Ableton/Push 2.json
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/usb/Native Instruments/
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/usb/Native Instruments/Komplete Kontrol S25 mk I.json
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/usb/Native Instruments/Komplete Kontrol S49 mk I.json
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/usb/Native Instruments/Komplete Kontrol S61 mk I.json
opt/bitwig-studio/resources/usb/Native Instruments/Komplete Kontrol S88 mk I.json
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/bitwig-studio
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.desktop
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-clip.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-device.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-extension.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-impulse.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-modulator.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-module.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-package.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-preset.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-project-folder.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-project.svg
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/mimetypes/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.application-bitwig-remote-controls.svg
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/bitwig-studio/
usr/share/licenses/bitwig-studio/LICENSE
usr/share/metainfo/
usr/share/metainfo/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.appdata.xml
usr/share/mime/
usr/share/mime/packages/
usr/share/mime/packages/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.xml
