%FILES%
opt/
opt/YouTube Music/
opt/YouTube Music/LICENSE.electron.txt
opt/YouTube Music/LICENSES.chromium.html
opt/YouTube Music/chrome-sandbox
opt/YouTube Music/chrome_100_percent.pak
opt/YouTube Music/chrome_200_percent.pak
opt/YouTube Music/chrome_crashpad_handler
opt/YouTube Music/icudtl.dat
opt/YouTube Music/libEGL.so
opt/YouTube Music/libGLESv2.so
opt/YouTube Music/libffmpeg.so
opt/YouTube Music/libvk_swiftshader.so
opt/YouTube Music/libvulkan.so.1
opt/YouTube Music/locales/
opt/YouTube Music/locales/am.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/ar.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/bg.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/bn.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/ca.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/cs.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/da.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/de.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/el.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/en-GB.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/en-US.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/es-419.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/es.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/et.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/fa.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/fi.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/fil.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/fr.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/gu.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/he.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/hi.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/hr.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/hu.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/id.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/it.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/ja.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/kn.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/ko.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/lt.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/lv.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/ml.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/mr.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/ms.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/nb.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/nl.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/pl.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/pt-BR.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/pt-PT.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/ro.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/ru.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/sk.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/sl.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/sr.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/sv.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/sw.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/ta.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/te.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/th.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/tr.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/uk.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/vi.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/zh-CN.pak
opt/YouTube Music/locales/zh-TW.pak
opt/YouTube Music/resources.pak
opt/YouTube Music/resources/
opt/YouTube Music/resources/app.asar
opt/YouTube Music/snapshot_blob.bin
opt/YouTube Music/swiftshader/
opt/YouTube Music/swiftshader/libEGL.so
opt/YouTube Music/swiftshader/libGLESv2.so
opt/YouTube Music/v8_context_snapshot.bin
opt/YouTube Music/vk_swiftshader_icd.json
opt/YouTube Music/youtube-music
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/youtube-music
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/youtube-music.desktop
usr/share/doc/
usr/share/doc/youtube-music/
usr/share/doc/youtube-music/changelog.gz
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/1024x1024/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/1024x1024/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/1024x1024/apps/youtube-music.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/youtube-music.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/youtube-music.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/youtube-music.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/youtube-music.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/youtube-music.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/youtube-music.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/youtube-music.png
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/youtube-music.png
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/youtube-music/
usr/share/licenses/youtube-music/license
