%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/wallpapers/
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Abstract.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Animated.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Aurora Dragon.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Aurora.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Black Dragon.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Black Eagle.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Circuit.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Colors.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Darkwing Beast.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Diwali.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Dr460nized Honeycomb.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Dragon.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Garuda Bateleur.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Garuda Desert.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Garuda Eagle.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Garuda TilliDie 2.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Garuda TilliDie.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Ghosts.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Golden Eagle.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Harpy Eagle.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Hawk Eagle.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Imperial Eagle.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Metall SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Orange Glow.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Patak Remix.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Red Glow.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Serpent Eagle.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Shani.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Spotted Eagle.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Stripes.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Talon.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Tillidie SGS.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Totem.jpg
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Tux Ice Sculpting TilliDie.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/Wave.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/White Tailed Eagle.png
usr/share/wallpapers/garuda-wallpapers/background.jpg
