%FILES%
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/fonts/
usr/share/fonts/TTF/
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtBd Ita Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtBd Ita Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Extra Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Extra Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold ExBd I Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold ExBd I Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold ExtBd Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold ExtBd Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Med Ita Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Med Ita Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
usr/share/fonts/TTF/JetBrains Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/nerd-fonts-jetbrains-mono/
usr/share/licenses/nerd-fonts-jetbrains-mono/LICENSE
