%FILES%
opt/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/BiglyBT.jar
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/BiglyBTSpoof.properties
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/PerfectSpoof2_Docs.zip
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Azureus/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Azureus/2.5.0.4.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/BitTornado/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/BitTornado/0.3.17.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/BitTornado/0.3.18.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Deluge/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Deluge/1.3.15.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Deluge/2.0.3.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Deluge/Deluge 1.3.15 [IPv6].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Deluge/Deluge 1.3.15 [No IPv6].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/FrostWire/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/FrostWire/FrostWire 6.5.4 (build 241) -JLibTorrent V1.2.0.11 -RC4[libTorrent 1.2.0.0].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Halite/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Halite/Halite v 0.4.0.4.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/MediaGet/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/MediaGet/2.01.3823.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/2.56 [Encryption Enabled].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/2.56 [No Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/2.57 [Encryption Enabled].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/2.57 [No Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/2.58 [Encryption Enabled].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/2.58 [No Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/2.73 Encryption Enabled.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/2.73 No Encryption.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/Tixati 2.53 [Encryption Enabled].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Tixati/Tixati 2.53 [No Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Transmission/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Transmission/2.94+ (4a4233feae) (Windows).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Transmission/Support + Requires Encryption 2.94.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Transmission/Support Encryption 2.94.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Transmission/Transmission Support + Requires Encryption 2.92.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Transmission/Transmission Support Encryption 2.92.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Zona/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/Zona/2.0.4.4.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/customId.properties
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.2.3 (Disable Encryption).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.2.3 (Disable Encryption, Anonymous Mode).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.2.3 (Prefer or Require Encryption).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.2.3 (Prefer or Require Encryption, Anonymous Mode).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.13 Encryption Disabled.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.13 Encryption Preferred.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.16 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.16 [supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.5 with Preferred Crypto.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.5 with Required Crypto.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.5 without Crypto.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.7 with Preferred Crypto.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.7 with Required Crypto.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/3.3.7 without Crypto.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.0 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.0 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.1 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.1 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.2 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.2 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.3 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.3 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.4 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.0.4 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.0 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.0 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.1 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.1 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.2 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.2 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.3 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.3 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.4.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.5.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.1.9.1.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.1.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.2 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.2 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.3  [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.3 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.3.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.4 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.4 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.4.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.5 [No support of Encryption] + [Anonymous Mode].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.5 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.5 [Supports Encryption] + [Anonymous Mode].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.5 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.2.5.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.0 [No support of Encryption] + [Anonymous Mode].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.0 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.0 [Supports Encryption] + [Anonymous Mode].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.0 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.0.1 [No support of Encryption] + [Anonymous Mode].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.0.1 [No support of Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.0.1 [Supports Encryption] + [Anonymous Mode].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.0.1 [Supports Encryption].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.1 [Supports Encryption] + [Anonymous Mode].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.2 [Supports Encryption] + [Anonymous Mode].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.3 [Supports Encryption] + [Anonymous Mode].client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.3.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.4.1.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.4.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.5.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.6.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.7.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.8.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.3.9.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.4.0.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.4.1.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.4.2.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.4.3.1.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/4.4.3.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/qBittorrent v3.3.14 No Support of Encryption.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/qBittorrent v3.3.14 Support Encryption.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/qBittorrent v3.3.15 No Support of Encryption.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/qBitTorrent/qBittorrent v3.3.15 Support Encryption.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/1.5.0 (437).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/1.6.1 (490).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/2.2.1 (25130).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/2.2.1 (25302).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.1.0 (26616).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.2.3 (28705).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.2.3 (Disable Encryption).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.2.3 (Disable Encryption, Anonymous Mode).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.2.3 (Prefer or Require Encryption).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.2.3 (Prefer or Require Encryption, Anonymous Mode).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.4.7 (42330).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.4.9 (42606).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.4.9 (43388).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.0_44090.client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.3 (44396).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.3 (44428).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.4 (44520).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.4 (44632).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.5 (44994).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.5 (45776).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.5 (45798).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.5 (45966).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/3.5.5 (46074).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/uTorrent 3.5.1 (44332).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/clientfiles/uTorrent/uTorrent 350(111258508)(43916).client
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/commons-cli.jar
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/dorkbox-systemtray.jar
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/ghostfucker_utils.jar
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/plugins/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/plugins/azupdater/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/plugins/azupdater/Updater.jar
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/plugins/azupdater/azupdaterpatcher_2.0.jar
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/plugins/azupdater/azureus.sig
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/plugins/azupdater/plugin.properties
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/swt/
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/swt/swt-aarch64.jar
opt/biglybt-extreme-mod/swt/swt-x86_64.jar
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/biglybt-extreme-mod
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/biglybt-extreme-mod.desktop
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/biglybt-extreme-mod/
usr/share/licenses/biglybt-extreme-mod/3rdPartyLicences.txt
usr/share/licenses/biglybt-extreme-mod/GPL.txt
usr/share/licenses/biglybt-extreme-mod/GPLv3.txt
usr/share/pixmaps/
usr/share/pixmaps/biglybt-extreme-mod.svg
