%FILES%
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/freeplane
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/freeplane.desktop
usr/share/freeplane/
usr/share/freeplane/core/
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/annotations-16.0.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/common-image-3.6.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/common-io-3.6.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/common-lang-3.6.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/commons-codec-1.15.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/commons-io-2.8.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/commons-lang-2.6.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/darcula-2021.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/data-url-2.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/emoji-12.1.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplane_mac-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplaneapi_viewer.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplaneeditor-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplaneosgi-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/freeplaneviewer.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/idw-gpl-1.6.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/imageio-core-3.6.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/imageio-jpeg-3.6.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/imageio-metadata-3.6.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/jgoodies-common-1.8.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/jgoodies-forms-1.9.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/jortho-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/kitfox-svg-salamander-1.1.1-p1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/core/org.freeplane.core/lib/simplyhtml-0.18.5.jar
usr/share/freeplane/doc/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Freeplane_LaTeX.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/Preferences_Joining nodes.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/BackgroundContextMenu.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/BackgroundContextMenu_nl.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/HotKeysTable.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/HotKeysTable_nl.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/MenusPropertiesPanel.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/MenusPropertiesPanel_nl.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/freeplaneApplications.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/goto node with ID.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/key mapping dialog.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/mapView v outlineView.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/photothumb.db
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/right-click menu - open maps.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/doc/tabs in workspace.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/examples.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/eyes.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/icons toolbar - collapsed.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/mouse/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/mouse/mouse_RB.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/Freeplane workspace (annotated).png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/Freeplane workspace.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/details arrow_.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/f bar - split.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/f bar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/filter toolbar - split.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/filter toolbar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/icons toolbar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/menubar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/notes panel.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/output/
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/properties panel.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/resize arrows.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/right-click menu.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/scroll bars.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/status line.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/submenu flyouts (basic).png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/submenu flyouts.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/toolbar - split.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/toolbar.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/view - toolbars.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/other/workspace/view - view settings.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/Images/properties toolbar - collapsed.png
usr/share/freeplane/doc/examplepicture_nl.JPG
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplane.jpg
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneApplications.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneApplications_ja.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneApplications_nl.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneFunctions.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneFunctions_ja.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneFunctions_nl.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide.mmfilter
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide_ja.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide_ja.mmfilter
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide_nl.mm
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplaneUserGuide_nl.mmfilter
usr/share/freeplane/doc/freeplane_menuposition_nl.jpg
usr/share/freeplane/doc/history_en.txt
usr/share/freeplane/doc/latestFreeplaneFeatures.mm
usr/share/freeplane/framework.jar
usr/share/freeplane/freeplane.l4j.ini
usr/share/freeplane/freeplane.policy
usr/share/freeplane/freeplane.sh
usr/share/freeplane/freeplaneConsole.l4j.ini
usr/share/freeplane/freeplaneIcons.dll
usr/share/freeplane/freeplanelauncher.jar
usr/share/freeplane/gitinfo.txt
usr/share/freeplane/init.xargs
usr/share/freeplane/licence.txt
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.bugreport/lib/plugin-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.formula/lib/plugin-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/lib/plugin-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.jsyntaxpane/lib/syntaxpane-1.2.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/jlatexmath-1.0.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/jlatexmath-font-cyrillic-1.0.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/jlatexmath-font-greek-1.0.7.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.latex/lib/plugin-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/lib/jsoup-1.10.2.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/lib/markedj-1.0.16.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.markdown/lib/plugin-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/lib/jmapviewer-2.15.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.openmaps/lib/plugin-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-astbuilder-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-console-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-datetime-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-dateutil-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-groovysh-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-jmx-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-json-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-jsr223-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-macro-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-nio-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-servlet-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-sql-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-swing-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-templates-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/groovy-xml-3.0.8.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/ivy-2.5.0.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/jline-2.14.6.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.script/lib/plugin-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/META-INF/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-anim-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-awt-util-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-bridge-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-codec-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-constants-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-css-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-dom-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-ext-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-gui-util-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-gvt-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-i18n-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-parser-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-script-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-shared-resources-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-svg-dom-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-svggen-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-swing-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-transcoder-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-util-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/batik-xml-1.14.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/commons-io-1.3.1.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/fontbox-2.0.23.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/fop-core-2.6.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/fop-events-2.6.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/fop-util-2.6.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/plugin-1.9.10.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/xml-apis-1.4.01.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/xml-apis-ext-1.3.04.jar
usr/share/freeplane/plugins/org.freeplane.plugin.svg/lib/xmlgraphics-commons-2.6.jar
usr/share/freeplane/props.xargs
usr/share/freeplane/resources/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/gitinfo.properties
usr/share/freeplane/resources/linkDecoration.ini
usr/share/freeplane/resources/ortho/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/ortho/dictionary_de.ortho
usr/share/freeplane/resources/ortho/dictionary_en.ortho
usr/share/freeplane/resources/ortho/dictionary_fr.ortho
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/BigMap.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/BigMap.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/BuzanMap.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/BuzanMap.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/Darcula-1.7.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/Darcula-1.7.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/conceptMap.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/conceptMap.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_gruvbox_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_gruvbox_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_nord_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_nord_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_purple_neon_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_purple_neon_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_solarized_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/dark_solarized_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/essay.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/essay.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_grey_straight_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_grey_straight_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_grey_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_grey_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_gruvbox_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_gruvbox_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_nord_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_nord_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_purple_neon_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_purple_neon_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_sepia_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_sepia_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_sky_element_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_sky_element_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_solarized_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_solarized_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_super_hero_template.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/light_super_hero_template.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/standard-1.6-noEdgeColor.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/standard-1.6-noEdgeColor.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/standard-1.6.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/templates/standard-1.6.svg
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/filemodemenu.xml
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/mindmapmodemenu.xml
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/preferences.xml
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xml/stylemodemenu.xml
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/export2oowriter.manifest.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/export2oowriter.styles.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/export2oowriter.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2adoc.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2freeplane1_1-mm.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2html.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2latexartcl.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2latexbeamer_richcontent_1.3.x.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2latexbook.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2latexinput.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2markdown.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2msp_utf8.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2msp_utf8_TEMPLATE.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2mwiki.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2opml.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2raw.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2text.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2wordml_utf8.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2wordml_utf8_TEMPLATE.mm
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2xbel.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2xls_utf8.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/mm2xml.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/tohtml.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/resources/xslt/xbel2mm.xsl
usr/share/freeplane/scripts/
usr/share/freeplane/scripts/apiGenerator.groovy
usr/share/freeplane/scripts/installScriptAddOn.groovy
usr/share/pixmaps/
usr/share/pixmaps/freeplane.svg
