%FILES%
opt/
opt/Prospect Mail/
opt/Prospect Mail/LICENSE.electron.txt
opt/Prospect Mail/LICENSES.chromium.html
opt/Prospect Mail/chrome-sandbox
opt/Prospect Mail/chrome_100_percent.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/chrome_200_percent.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/chrome_crashpad_handler
opt/Prospect Mail/icudtl.dat
opt/Prospect Mail/libEGL.so
opt/Prospect Mail/libGLESv2.so
opt/Prospect Mail/libffmpeg.so
opt/Prospect Mail/libvk_swiftshader.so
opt/Prospect Mail/libvulkan.so.1
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/am.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/ar.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/bg.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/bn.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/ca.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/cs.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/da.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/de.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/el.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/en-GB.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/en-US.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/es-419.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/es.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/et.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/fa.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/fi.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/fil.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/fr.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/gu.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/he.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/hi.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/hr.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/hu.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/id.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/it.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/ja.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/kn.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/ko.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/lt.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/lv.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/ml.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/mr.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/ms.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/nb.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/nl.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/pl.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/pt-BR.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/pt-PT.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/ro.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/ru.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/sk.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/sl.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/sr.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/sv.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/sw.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/ta.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/te.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/th.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/tr.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/uk.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/vi.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/zh-CN.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/locales/zh-TW.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/prospect-mail
opt/Prospect Mail/resources.pak
opt/Prospect Mail/resources/
opt/Prospect Mail/resources/app.asar
opt/Prospect Mail/snapshot_blob.bin
opt/Prospect Mail/swiftshader/
opt/Prospect Mail/swiftshader/libEGL.so
opt/Prospect Mail/swiftshader/libGLESv2.so
opt/Prospect Mail/v8_context_snapshot.bin
opt/Prospect Mail/vk_swiftshader_icd.json
usr/
usr/share/
usr/share/applications/
usr/share/applications/prospect-mail.desktop
usr/share/icons/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/0x0/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/0x0/apps/
usr/share/icons/hicolor/0x0/apps/prospect-mail.png
usr/share/licenses/
usr/share/licenses/prospect-mail-bin/
usr/share/licenses/prospect-mail-bin/LICENSE
